You know that what I'm doing is writing for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress it as a farmer, or leather clothes, and no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that you get in place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a shot.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivia.
It's the kind of complicated circle which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stan, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
When they beat up to bleed every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the teacher's room.
He did it in secret.
Three years for three years.
And I had to get out of the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fight AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post who said, "I need to see you.
I'm destroyed that we have never got to know adults.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stand with this please."
Well, the next day, we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We were going to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospitalized.
We found it a place, we tried, and we took care and we turned out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to know me, he became a candidate box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked to you was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first pinnacles.
I was amazed.
My heart fast fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The punishments around me would get out of the water almost 60 meters and I couldn't think of it as a snow cup on another coach of snow after year.
The pinks are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has their own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to come up and go up until the end, whereas others can't support it more and they break into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a person, which are isolated apart, and alone, as much as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a passion melts, a person releases rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these pilos as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and not going to exist in that way again.
It's not death when they're delayed -- it's not an end, but a continuation of its way by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the pinks that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a iceberg that I photographed in Kevin, Greenland.
It's little frequent to actually get to present a broken person.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and its flow line.
You can see here, it begins to rotate, the ship has moved down to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a tent from Greenland.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the pilot shows a different side of his personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of the broadcasting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much at the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about the concept of itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is attached to the X chromosome.
They both understand and start life.
We'll come back to talk about them later.
I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy story.
I'm a strategy of training, and what I study in this case is the way people come to the anatomy --  -- of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I think about in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with emissions, so much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with authoritarian sex, individuals whose physical type is not fit in the local male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it international intelligence.
The intelligence takes a lot of forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the form of male or female common.
For example, this is the case of the individual with criminal base graph whose gene SE from chromosome and tells the prototyping to the prototypes, that we all have in the fatal life, which becomes testicular.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body developed by following a typical female course.
When you're born, the baby is about a little girl.
It's a little girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the series, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing that, they realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men, as men, we have something called surface glands called surface glands called the surface.
They're on the back of the body.
Supermarket glands produce announces, the moral of malaria.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, don't know their chromosomes -- I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the announces.
We produce announces and we respond to organisms.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the announces that the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of instability to the announces.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the instructions are in the middle of the spectrum.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy who was born and raised as a look -- he had novelty, and sexual relations with her, he took a life as a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovarian and there.
It had an extreme form of disease known as a super-street hypertension.
And I had 20th and in the face of the underground glands that were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, his genital were multiplent, their brain was exposed to the hormone typically male moral component.
I was born with a child, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal memory, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as oxygen, which is to say, they have an Olympic tissue wrapped in telescoped tissue.
We don't know well why that.
So, there's lots of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies --  -- are lovely, similar twins, or instrumental -- they move to humanitarian surgery not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why they show several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposed to be black -- it means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing children is to have kids who are born as two people inside of a body.
The most nice case is last year with the South School Carter Court Second, and he was put in the trial of judgment at the International Google Google.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are they going to do to determine whether Card Seeming is man or women?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit nature doesn't bring a line in between men and women or between men and international and international and international and intersectional -- we are who we draw that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- and we thought they were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable sensory categories -- they are much more likely than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows us.
As we see, we get into a scary terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we do from the fact that we differ from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we program in science we get increasingly more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simple categories we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the qualities of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States of today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very busy arguments today -- maybe not public -- but I know within medicine -- I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to see them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still they didn't bury it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us into a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could be able to make someone like me.
In politics I'm a program, I will define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To consider that these categories are much more unstable.
Think about the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fantastic father of the founding parents.
I know they were racists, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and auditorium and so radical in what they did, that I found each so much watching that music course "1966, and not because of music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the Foundation parents.
The founding parents went to me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our Foundation was rejected was the idea of monopoly. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy of the analogy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the political power on the right of blood transferred from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They revealed the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of a system that was made in which two things.
The democracy was delivering and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many of them were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were declining from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that is transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were bringing the idea of the anatomic coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people at Supreme Tree, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the row of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, the color people who took the anatomic consciousness on the anatomic difference, and again, they succeeded again.
We see the same with the Maker's movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at conditions we have to start asking why we keep certain divides.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give them to the anatomy to the anatomy of it.
I don't mean that five years of five years would allow you to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them were aware of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, July 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in term, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary was attributed by the right three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- while I haven't told you if it's X -- in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of the mandatory emergency that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary is not the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persist anatomic categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could deliver?
I don't want to give you the science, but at the same time I feel like science gets to us.
Where are we going to go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome Y.
Now, in practice they don't do some chromosomes to people.
But this is also very strange by the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome syndrome to the announces.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have drug: "It offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, they go beyond the anatomy of the analogy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee the rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the religions that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature decisions about their sex relationships than people who know about.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the configuration content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if a person character could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance in the future.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this thinking of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless you're willing to commit to a sex change, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I wonder to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke to a couple of years ago that I had made a little bit of a little bit of simple twins and then separate them and then appreciate their fame.
But when the phone was asked by the operation, I was a very risky operation, he said that in that other country these kids would be very malarial, and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has it considered political association rather than the serious self-assembly?
America offers enormous possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be to your head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interpretation, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in grad one, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was a feminist -- I was a fertilizer -- made me a strange play.
Tell me what feminist has female.
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminist has to do with getting rid of the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I thought about his question, the more it has seemed to be a female in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very reluctant to find a way to protect people on the part of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy of the analogy, think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect bond, we think about what each other we do.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by building buildings.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments already were owners and the other half still would have to do it.
They could try to increase the ability by making improvisations in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid motors and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those amphibians.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, and cities under statistics.
I later found out that at the same time, Japan and Origami were thinking about the conference of Redwoods.
They knew that every year around 75,000 speakers would go out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to wonder what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular election, Peter Lab was a shaped platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of game.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies and rules to progress -- and usually they are the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a Guardian friend sent him to October a link with TED.
He showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's look at the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look -- land that, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where you start with unexpected land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose whether or not to live under those norms.
So President of Honduras. I was called and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Teskage and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dengery, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Deng.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the horrors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud contact.
The public faces were very serious and attack.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away to the North north.
And it will also include new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras. The Dutch government leaders needed help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that helped them establish and make the standards of the status so that everybody could trust the status effectively buyed.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily take a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to send their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow you to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional sending was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, they backed it.
In order to include in the Constitution, you have to spend twice in Congress.
On February 17, again in another volume of 111 to one.
Immediately after voting and 21 to February 24, a detection of about 30 hormones was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that's being built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years getting the permission up.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and then allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate instance for this new criminal system.
There are artists and building cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to be installed in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change somewhere else.
There's one million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go and get a job, sometimes they're solid mothers who have to win money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honors?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistances?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it is, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought in, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
My whole clothes is a second hand of pollen markets and secondhand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my character in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to meet people -- usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique. And buying it becomes my personal search for the testing person.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be from my story?
Will I like color like color?
Less than 20 dollars?
If all of the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I caught for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothing?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought out.
I've brought seven pairs of internal clothes, and nothing else.
International clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagine that it would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the set for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that I believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger tiger tiger tiger tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can hardly see you for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, was 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Long, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're visiting a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, the integration is supported.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just do yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mirry: Google of the child that you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the shows, or I remind you about their little seven-year-old little six.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
Justice: Trust is the key.
If you think you see something good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look you can't catch you in.
So there's no excuse for no one of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewis" -- a universal truth six words for you: The red reliefs go with everything.
And finally, the development of a personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little valuable.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to make it emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you look at your brain at this scale?
Some of these extremes would be opened by one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great altitude in both of both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most other experimental physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite an intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you can have developed with the past of the years is that one thing can be only in place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar.
He was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell down.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson -- and that is that big things don't allow them to transport, and stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like you can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very well about my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanical mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't see.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supermarket.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I am going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the little bit of metal collapse.
What we see is a little bit of metal from the metal and it will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this vent with a statement of swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens next to the side of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to the quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way I was vibrating was like a breath in this way -- like a street that expands and contributes.
And by giving it a show support, we were able to make it fly and not fly at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing came up and didn't fly at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the trillion of atoms that make that piece of metal are talks and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just at a certain point when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're delighted.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal pieces are in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth starting in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is kind of the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part that I'm talking about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was delighted in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heated it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- seemingly all objects in the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep, quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've been doing from its launch.
So, simple: let's go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the University Gallery, the MoMA, the Economist, the Muslim, the Van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and passenger, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Mine, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Would you want to navigate by the museum.
We opened up the flat plane, and with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside, that they want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead ahead. That they divide.
Excuse me.
Thank you, but I haven't got to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Copernicans of Peter British at the Metabare.
I see the signal.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
So look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the information of metabolism.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10 million pigs.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pigs?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, your expression has no price.
But if you really want to go down.
So I started playing, and I found myself with something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this looks interesting.
I walked in, and I found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metabarist, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "pandemic, which is to hit a wave with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get you even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective. I'm going to take the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star.
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the panichs?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this mastery work?
It goes up and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts of this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the star night." I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The Colleges.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the a -- we just made a flight around it.
It's about "The Banks, in the National Gallery of London.
You can analyze things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at the context of these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork and that it's relatively represented online.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to replicate the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to complete experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a pigmented, a flying pixel ...
We call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I am an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in France 1 careers in the last two decades.
There is some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, you took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
Conditioning cities is a big thing.
As I notice, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detections and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestine Antarctica for late year at MoMA, during summer.
It's called "The Talk Uncle Toys.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old Minlet dream.
You know, when Michael angel sculpted the Moses -- he said that at the end I took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit below -- and he said to bring up a little bit -- and he said, "Do you have to say, "Do you not talk --  What don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and insist on the idea of capturing the environment and embracing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in luck of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Zippen gave the head.
And anyway, at the end I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collect in the middle and the Tweet River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the end of the end there are people over here and there doing call, moving around.
It starts the party -- silence.
Gold from France. Gold from Italy.
English, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regional time.
First extra time, second.
Zipza, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah.
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massive where, from the time, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but things that we use and we consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac compared to how they communicate.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their speed by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were saving -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of all ways.
We then put them a little chip, a tag to the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results there.
Particular from Seattle.
After a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many investments in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
complicated things are happening.
But the other thing we think we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we fly doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we start on one day still follows there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, Asia Biographically, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Barry.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was imagine that they have a cup and valves -- soldiers of solar soldiers, legends that open up and shut down.
It creates like a water cortex, with water pixels with water.
If you fall off the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the image.
We introduced this to the Beller Mayor of it.
He liked a lot.
And you get a commitment to design the building to the entrance of the Expensive.
We call it the Pigrato Water Palestinian.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you get closer to it so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the sparks, you go down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Do you demonstrate the building."
No, it's not that you have it, but when you go down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not be able to try and test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Barry came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to not get wet.
And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pigs.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cluster of pigs in 3D, which you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles of angles.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw earlier.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input coming from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York Metabido star and the Miller Scala -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and routine.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as much as a cloud of cloud -- like the bright crash, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody give a little bit for a pigeon.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to physical world.
In our case, this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pigmented.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by pigs.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new end of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital sentence at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about a good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music ends) Creativity. creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. It was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would choose the memory?
Some more.
What about physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of that. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a personal theme here at the TED Conference but I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED Robotics, who also worked at the College Organization Russia, wrote a trial called "No sense in biology makes sense to the light of Evolution."
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an extreme one, is of course, the most interesting us.
We had a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there has been perhaps 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the inside.
Some of them have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetic?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individual, from what's coming out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damagests will pose you with the empty self-assembly. Think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderful hospital for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, black, it's very completely.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to do with no effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force portrait in the room.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unconscious symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I just came into college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when molecular organisms appear. Things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressing.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, music, music, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that I had more and more doubt.
I got to understand George Bush feelings, which was still acting in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a magnificent dance of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says, "Come on looking for a sex sauce."
"It's fine." He says, "George, I chose the sustainable."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and healthier.
Evolution is in spending the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reformed rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next ocean level and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest or even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the employees that can survive the heat of the shares that will produce, if there were fish there, fish hit the vacuum yet, yet they've managed to make that a computer environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine -- first of all, we have known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've set up our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated circulating, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the embryos of evolution are standing down, but they're amazing.
And in terms of instant, when as a species we colonize distant planets will exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
I call it neurologic, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
They also think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of its depression, but in its own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the application?
Would you want to do those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
I cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year of being done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 20,000 dollars.
It's not going to be a lot for the human genome to actually make the human genome for 1,000 and more and more of all of us.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the ship?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can the cells change their bodies but if they could change the cells of their defending?
And if you could change the sperm and the volumes, or change the newly self-confident flight, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, to remove the diabetes, remove the reflection, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt self-assembly self-assembly, better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of Watts machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irreversible.
And when we are in conditions of going through this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have turned the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considering?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring, more uniform or more red and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions really?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by making click, click, climb.
It clicked, click, click, climb. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 19.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably beat some birds."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The motors came off.
Imagine being on an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disabled words I have heard.
He said, "You will prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was a terror. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to report, and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collapse wines bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it out.
I don't want to engage anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we were to avoid the George Washington Bridge -- that I wasn't very much -- I thought about it, Wow, I really feel a big challenge.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes. I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave place to my ego.
And the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right. It chosen to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is doing, "15, 14, 13."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those papers.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of Wow, who I had to die is not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was wrapped in a single thought, which is just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I scream, I cry, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Anyway, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge that you imagine that the same thing is going to happen in your plane -- and please not be that -- but imagine how to change?
What would you do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can do?
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti graffiti graduates.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a hormone in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TED today has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony TED, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I have seen Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Anyone to see the movie "The school and the market?
They communicate in that way. They go through the finger.
I said, "That's archeaded. How can it be?
So I presented myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I committed to his brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the deal. Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and do its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inside cannot communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Grand Graham Research Reader, who have a technology that allows you to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser point, they draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
First start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine for TEDx to be able to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call him YouTube because when I talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved back to the garage and these hackers and programmers and consumers and analogs took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we were going to go back to the walls of the walls and instead would have graffiti them.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the sea seat of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Egypt "creative, and you can see the description of it.
They're a pair of cheap sun gas that we bought in the March Beach, some of the copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take a PMS camera, we open it up, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- you build yourself -- we publish the free code -- the software goes down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital I can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's your room.
There was all this bubble and air during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking parking of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking participation.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking lot, so we felt like we were recording graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time he was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and it would take me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, development.
And we have a long way to walk with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and redesigned.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained lots of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the McGolandra Geofflin in downtown Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called "The Streets.
And "Art on the streets is going to have the best explorers of urban art, "Bangladesh France, CAPTCA: These are all going to be there.
TEDx is going to be in the show which is pretty amazing.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Christmas -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible. Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find ourselves with something that we feel you have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in usually very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked in a coal mine of coal.
Film in areas of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive -- interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that looked like entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little differently.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a plane in Earth.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered my TED name rights from my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following: "The NGO Steven Presenter: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and a content could exploit in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company by doing it.
But said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks.
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell them for certain.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be able to anticipate, for something as hard or as dangerous as I walked into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spanish," I want to make a film that is about the collection of products and marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "the largest film ever sell."
What's happening in "The Mose largest film ever sold is that everything from the top to the bottom, and it has brand images -- all the time, from the assumption that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Alami Shark, the Center Center.
These people are going to be associated with permission for the period.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Kams, it's reduced. Is that? (Music: It's reduced.
I'm a reduced weight. (Music: I just say it -- it was more by spinals.
It was "Professor. By always."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray patch on the title but we're going to make sure we can pull all the categories we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you have ever used.
The most cool car you've ever led to the largest film ever sold -- the best suit you have ever been -- the biggest movie you ever see."
Garden Karolay." The idea is in addition to showing the brands as part of life, make them fund the filmmaker? (Music: Make you finance the film. MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The complete film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Gook, though, I don't know how recently people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if "It is very negative, but you know how to represent? (Music: No idea. David Chinese," how much money does it do to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- (CA: All right. John Kames: I think it's going to be hard to meet them with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: You know, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see a bunch of gravitational idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, because of the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. (Music: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that camera came out, we have a conversation out of microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, and so many people would see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy vehicle that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a graphic mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you search for transport images at Google --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your room, Sergey British. No.
This was the problem: transparency free or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or activity of information, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our policies, the name of the name is the name, even the CEOs the name.
But suddenly when it comes to making it happen.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that is still driving.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
You eat a whole piece of Colometh Whitop.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is going to see me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away the intermediate and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others who make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies, giant holes, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest film ever sell."
How are we going to see Bang in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Barnet despair.
Any moment during an interview with somebody can say, "Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous arms.
So much Fundamental Fuller as "Well as "Feet of Park, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid to ball, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a lovely look.
Karen Frank, we're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you said, we're rather a rival brand.
That's why we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Ben to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the axis.
Man: We talked about something auditor, fresh.
I think it is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus shoulder and supply."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep them more time? With better fraction, more fraction, three times more fresh.
Things like those who are coming up with the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-polar company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mom my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Review the '80s, public palm unless it's a leave of language.
MS: Okay, what is the Germany market?
German: Something unique. (Music: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
I usually carry assets like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand that could be a classic commercial, versus Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a carbon fly.
Woman 2: In part hippie -- in part of a hydrogen, in part of the Big Brother, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of masters.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Fed because I get the market.
Man 5: Facial school fact.
Is that something?
Lab: I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I'm often classified in the dark internal intersection and carbon flower.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personalization."
And I found a company called Olive Zams in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netherlands, February, Harvard to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
And aspirational translations. Right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
AT: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day is "This was the best day of my life."
AT: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like the weird things. I like the weird things.
A: Tell me about why is that?
What is the machine? How do you find you now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
You don't have to fear -- what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Aide: (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music: Great work. A, yes. (Music: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what it's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lins Zakolabhere, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely completely, in your brand personality -- the Morgan Sparker brand is a confident brand.
They're very well supported together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a positive thing for you, and you make it become something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can also see Train Cooks, William, Minister of Minister Coopers and Jehing.
Now there are local marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a leadership brand is quite powerful.
MS: A little bit of a leave -- what's your market?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality personality, what would it be?
Are you a attack attack? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow?
Or are you rather a discovery discussion?
A little bit more called a respect, research, conservative.
The attacking attributes are like being playful to be real as the Prince, contemporary context, adventure or bold or bold longer like Europe Flammonia, fast or agile or domestic or musical as Gandhi.
Or are you rather from discouraging discourse?
Are you conscious about 500?
Are you state, traditional programmer, protection, protesting?
Are you truly, stable, family, reliable enough, safe, contemporary or wise or concerned or wise like the Dalai Lama or YouTube."
In the course of this movie, we had more than 500 companies, attachments and discoveries, who said, "No."
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neuroscientist, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance is used to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising air.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no strings, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with leadership problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or that I've been more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the international interviews, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that will make people think of people, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you ever have successfully? Did they succeed, right?
Well, since the film is trained in the Sunday Festival of Sunday, we take a look.
According to Bureau is started in January, and since then, and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in March.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk to about their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks.
I think when you pull people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the face of risk to risk you're preparing all your company to get the reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear. We take the risk.
From a knife at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And he said, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Women Transcate, has been presented by my good EMT friends who for 11,000 bought the rights of the name in Ebola.
EM: So turning big data into big companies for companies around the world.
EMA presents "The Transparency Talk."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 11,000?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check of the mother organization of TED, the Salibrah Foundation, a check for 7,400 to be applied to my TED attendance for the next year.
The idea behind the United States computer is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest active weapons to develop nuclear weapons is the prevalence plant in Arabic in Nanopatch.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves. We can cause a lot of problems with central central.
The gray boxes don't use Wikipedia software, they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stunthone.
We started with a Windows.
The shot goes into the gray box, damages the center, and the nuclear nuclear program is demand, missing mission.
It's easy, earlier?
So I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started investigating about Snowden six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing he knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windows: the facility used multiple vulnerability department.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stunthone and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Stunthone became a root of lab that he didn't like our cheese -- he wave, but he didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely living."
The facility is looking for active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Snowden does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we found the goal soon.
So we extracted and broke the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots for the attacks.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this configuration code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old self-assembled language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
We then looked for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with the potential potential of the real world.
We need theories about detections that we can pass or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent salary, it must be a valuable white white white white white white white white white, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find a lot of thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the Nano-shell end plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I tried a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I went into an effort to set their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital bird with the control of the stream.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the center, that black object that you see.
If you drive the speed of this roof, you certainly can break it up and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and decrease in an obvious effort to come back crazy to maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital surrounding looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 points in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and each waterfall contains 164 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These central centers are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
It wasn't like this.
The results have been required after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the streets and we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital stones would take one and same goal, but from different angles ...
The small wave is taking a waterfall and making the roots and randomning them, and the big wave is communicating with six stocks and manipulating videos.
In summary, we are very confident that we have determined what the destiny is.
It's Nation, and it's just Nano.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are achieved by Stunthone.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is intercept the input values for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are asked by Stunthone.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feeds of video stopped.
Is it great heart?
The idea here is obviously not only to throw the operator on the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to assemble a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes out of speed, you have to open up the escape valve in a milliseconds.
And obviously this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And the operations or the security system will tell you.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centers, with uranium engineering.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or a automotive factory.
It's great.
And you don't have -- and you don't have an attack -- which will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stunthone.
You could also use conventional worms technology to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with huge goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rallow, it has been public in many sides that people assume the Muslim is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Lang: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My opinion is that the Muslim is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The motor behind this is cyber supermarket.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for making us. Thank you, Ralph Rachel.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you substantial skills, or another one that makes you use of wheelchair chairs are going to go back and walk.
In Berkeley Biospheres, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a big force, that it also increases its speed, and helps him, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other foreign people.
This is not an amazing idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier that, on average, it has to take on your back a 40-year-old load -- and it's getting even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hulk.
Soldier: With the Hubble exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put into the calves and run movements with great aging.
Let me perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my force and my resistance.
Timothy Benthen: We are ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculating.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the veteran column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that makes it multiply very quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from its successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the GPS who is using Amanda Boyada who was 19 years ago he had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bollywood, thank you.
EB: Amazon is using our GDPGs, which I mentioned.
It's got some sensors.
completely invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board here, in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors in the streets, and in the knees and they make it move with this soul and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down the way I was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all of the movie moves down.
Shortly later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Bank, you'll never walk again.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last side of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slow down the bottom in streets, climbing rocks and even riding in bicycle back.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda and all of the usual chairs of wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they practice sex to say hello and play is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the Arabic Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression, by the time.
But unfortunately, we've done too much helmet in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the death violence has not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes of the biggest.
They live in the depths of the Congolese strength, and it has been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the bomb itself -- stage of violent conflict that has been released by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bonobos.
The hunting meat and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, on this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring the trees.
Who are these primates?
We know it as the apes make love, not the war, because they have frequent sex and fire and bisexual to handle conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity since the life of Bonobos is more than the Khan Survey.
Bonometarians, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobos game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild environment.
First of all, it's a Norwegian ball game, and I don't talk about soccer football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has a path of the balls."
I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as much as in bonds and humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the testices, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more transparent, imaginatives, curious, maybe the place where the awe is recorded.
And I want you to see -- this is Fungate, a young female who is playing with water forest.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity, right?
The game is not free.
The game is essential.
For Bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and delivered.
When it looks like the least appropriate to play, they can be the most urgent time.
And so, primates, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, fire fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer book.
And in our city, where volunteers get to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a foot race against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was confronted in a conversation with the owner that certainly would go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a park, on a pink, deliver, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just arrived before I was -- we called it Lester Luther.  He came first to the captain and he asked him to go into the dog of the house of the house.
The dog." I was so bad."
There was a lawyer of money that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people I walked into a building in call to save a living being alive because they won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a talent.
He said, "Well, I need you to come into the house.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and it brings this woman a couple of shoes.
The player.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went. I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that at that height sort of had finished off the fire and entered the bottom room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back down the ladder where I met my numbers and the precious dog in the main door.
We went out of the house the head for the house of the house where, as it was waiting to expect, his husband received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house of home aggressive by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at on the other was that somebody had reached her a couple of shoes.
So much in my flight in Robin Howard like in my flight as a volunteer bomb -- I'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from thank you of thank you and courage and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they're going to achieve remarkable levels of success, I would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining -- they clean a park.
It's going to be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beethoven: Thank you.
This may seem strange -- but I'm a big administration of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a black at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO, this happened to him.
He was called automatic assembly crime.
And in a few years, Lebanon bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or home.
Leoner made it accessible.
Leonardo simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to analyze -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits, a grass at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Litches.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Littles are electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by the magnets of it.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
Green is the salt, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can begin to make bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If you change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an endless light.
We added this shot to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Libraries are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, liberals allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower. It just turns this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind constraints is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to the bricks ready to use.
Light, sound, solar panels, motors -- everything must be accessible.
We have given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of a elevator is opened open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought little little little little little schools.
So for example, designers without any electronics start to play with constraints as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filters, we have George creating it.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago, we conducted Richard Island design designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they have done, an active trust cannon.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a language made of plant that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litches became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So, Lightnigon has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can play a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is.
Oh, I've got the time?
Very good. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that is almost everything that's supposed to be destroyed, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Does the Indian for American and would be like a handful of Peace Couple.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the multitas.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them into the wild world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al Alex.
This is a city of Boston City.
So here it looks like looking for a quote, but what really looks for is that someone clean it out when you get caught through the snow because you know it's not very good at switching fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he ask help in this single single way?
Last year in Boston we had a computer member of American members.
They were there in February and at that moment I was a lot of the last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these friends.
But one of the members named Erik Michaels noticed something more -- that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a market.
You accept cleaning it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it back.
If you don't do it, somebody can turn it.
You know, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology.
And it stretches in viral form.
A responsibility of Homo City systems when we saw this app realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami systems.
It's very important that these tsunami systems work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle. And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take the department down.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean up sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been destroyed without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California, which until the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of warning of the government institution.
It suggests the government better ways of working, not like the private companies, as a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without resistance, in open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to address the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an angle institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country who contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't been sold by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row in the FF: The Freedom And all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim River, "What we do together because we don't just can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to rebuild it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government.
And since the government ultimately instant of us -- remember that from "We, the people? The way of thinking about it will affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was going to choose people to take care of them.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially matter of dragonflies.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that comes to the calls if you brand 31 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
You get in Zaring in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the door out of the house, put out the very strong music and see if it goes?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the dragonflies.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile, called "Councils.
We don't program that application.
It was the very clever work of the New York City Office of Boston Urbania.
One day, this happened really, came up with this one: "Garden in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to take it?
The discovery of Chicago Connection is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Children's Connection everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarin?" Yes. Living?
I went home. I went home.
Good evening, delight grass."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the definition of platform of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are authorized and helping others.
So a citizen helped another but the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to government services to be necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches comic.
By the bottom is what we call the bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it's that waste what keeps us out of that that makes us feel like something that operates in our face, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make bureaucracy sensory.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the Second Second Valley -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have spread to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our kids.
You have to see huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of you?
We can't go from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand by forcing civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act manufacturing, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, they don't care a lot about making their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a manual ship, taking weeds off, dumping a garbage cube that has a magazine inside.
Of course, we could always have clean those boats, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only government consumers we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that; we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask you all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And it's going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here has impact all over the world.
Instead, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's carbon, you can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia, about 1840.
She was born on 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving too.
When I was a little bit and I looked at it, she came up with me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then it was subsequently.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was approaching and said, "Bring, still feel my adult?
And if I said no, he grabbed me again, and if I said yes, I left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wanting to be close to her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lower of the 10.
Instead, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at it.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up the room, and she took me out of my hand, and he said, "You see Brian -- we are going to convert.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Bring, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mamma: Mary: Mark: Mark."
She said, "Now make sure I won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "San, Mamma: Mamma: Mamma: Mamma: Mamma: Mark."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Audience: "She is my director, and you have to promise me that I will always take her."
As I love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamma, so I'll do."
Then he said, "How second I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mam, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South -- I have a brother a older year and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I pulled them, grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got to do the usual contacts.
He took a breast breast, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take belief."
My brother said, "Come on. Today, they do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a belief."
I took a look at the look with force and continued, "Oh, not being you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mark tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was desperately.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely apart.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue -- I say it by the power of identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they really don't make sense of them.
We can't get them to do things that don't think they could do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the problem.
My aunt died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to commit us.
Now, I'll try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in everyday freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it is so depressed, so much despair.
One in three black black black ages is in jail or in condition freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all of the young people in color are in jail or in conditions.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but wealth.
And it seems like we feel very crazy.
The politics of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you provide them from rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 24 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of waste loss will be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in the process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death of death.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for commercialization commercials?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by trade crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
From every nine people, they have identified one which is innocent and stranger from the death of death.
A rain rate, amazing -- an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it wasn't allowed to be able to ever paint airplanes if every nine you would stand, you would have started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and I went to the Second World War.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being filled.
They worried to be bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up with me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- it hurts people who stop saying that in our history we have the first time with terrorism after 9/11, after 9/11, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with service and decades of racial subtracting and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All of the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial selection without a commitment with the truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say."
Audience: We don't have a death penalty in Germany.
We will never naturally have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and deliberately, we were going to put people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, executed people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are -- yet they implement.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both.
lately we talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the husbands that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
We really have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Even though it's so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not only of brain ideas.
These things come from ideas also by heart convictions as well.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and unfortunate, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Handel, the great kid leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit -- a willingness to be in places of despair and to be test."
Well, that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be committed.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, excellence, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carl called me to tell me, "Bring, comes the Park Mrs. We're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and hear them?
I would say, "Yes, lady. I do."
And she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "You have to hear it."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very very visible, very light.
And at one occasion, I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brian. I tell you that it's the idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those people who have been convicted of incomplete.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without the standard freedom for children.
We try to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with mass contracts."
I gave her all my best speech, and when I ended up looking at me and said, "Man mom mom."
And he said, "You will sing it up, very alarming."
At that point, Ms. Carro leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but valuable.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a lever.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it is a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
So it's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very light, very stimulating, not being judged by our technology, for our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not by the way as they treat rich and powerful and privileged people, but by the way they treat poor people, the convicted ones -- the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel involved. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much strength.
I keep tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sensitive to a lot of director.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, which have been shot to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge did it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking, by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian has magical powers.
You should ask something about that.
As it was too late -- I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mutation.
I had a 14 years old, a little bit, poor, black.
I started working on the motivation, with a shop that said, "Moon so that my 14 year-old black client is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white client in it.
In the muscle I had that there was a behavior in the accountability, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was an advanced line on how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that inspired mutation would be a dream or really wrote it?
For my horror horror I hadn't only redefired it, but I had sent it to the court.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I took up the car and I felt really abused, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the ping.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got down the car. I walked to the ping.
I was going up the stairs when I found a senior black man -- it was the press of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer: he said, "Is you lawyer? I said yes.
So I got up and hug me.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was visual.
That was deeply connected with my inside, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I went in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevens, you wrote this mutual obstacle?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went to me, and we started discussing it.
People started coming out. They were all individual.
I was the one I had written those madness.
The cops came up with the asteroids that are asteroid, the audiences.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of them failed because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I went to see the consensus that went and came.
I looked down the window and I was able to hear all that grammer.
I kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black black, with a concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recession.
During the break, a self-organization state was shown because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant was encouraged about the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I entered this audience room to tell this young man who keeps her view on the goal with first."
I have come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't really be human evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
Our survival.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be located to free, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal with firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, in this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a report this spring in which an effort is going to be done to relate the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death row over the next five years. billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not in areas.
57 percent of the rapes are not going to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to bring the law, the law, the security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe it is?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime rate has remained relatively stable.
Great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the circular population.
And we let ourselves convince us by the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brand, you have been excited to work today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by bin Laden's death.
Lock 2: Humor in Somalia, Hurt 3: The police started passionate gas.
Access 4: The cards arrested. Cooper 5: Crazy crashes.
Accele 6: social decision. Access 7, 65 dead dead.
Announcer: Alexander of tsunami, Access 9: Cyrushings.
Several little locks, war of narrative. Massive destruction toror.
Recession. Bank -- the final Judy. Egypt.
Crisis. Death. Despace.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could barely be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that press means prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called algae.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
And it was order and records all the information looking at something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old performance of the press, "If there's blood selling, it is very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're perfect.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going to be worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the enormous progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction -- water scarcity and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings are very good at adding problems and, in the long way, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, the average income per capita adjusted by inflation, has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications -- has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pennsylvania showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators television, mobile air and air cars.
The barrels of the campaign of the past century, the engineers on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury.
So by supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that drives in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the cell phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how good it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in the rise.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop to any of the big challenges.
And even though it's plotted on a law on the left, it is curved up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, the Moore's Law books are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Audiences call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital biology, the diagnostics and the food -- the digital medicine, the diagnostics and the food -- the digital medicine, the diagnostics and the food -- the digital medicine, the diagnostics and
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jewish Watson, from Jemis?
It was permanent.
I looked at the newspaper the best headline than there would be.
And I loved this: Watson beat to human oppositions."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
Play with the males of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence on the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd sound.
Today we can make a dozens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for each of the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that stuff that is scarce, and turning it underground.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a National IQ story in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sish.
National troops ate with silver covers, and the same Nation, with gold.
But Sim of Sish, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was worth the gold and the plant.
And that's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum of the Montana.
You see, even though the aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and systems.
But then the electronics came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was disconnected.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that's 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 terms of energy every 98 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but of activity.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the General of the general person, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The solar energy cost 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the late parts of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space ship to the Earth in 1990, after Saturday country?
I took a famous picture. How did you call it?
"A pale blue point.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yeah, 99.9 percent is saltwater, two percent ice is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanometers.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the graph -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Solly -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of water a day of any source water saving water, contaminated water, a legal, for less than two cents the gallon.
The Coke president just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 26 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation driven by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of G20 dollars, video HIV, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they're devoted and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing you get when you have health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Alamaus Foundation, something called the X Prize Academy Crazy, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. can touch, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mortality load is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize to call the health of the health and, first of all, prevent the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion people.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to address the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will move from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before ears that join global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of economic collapse, we will have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion trillion dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health by the Tricky, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and to computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, health and productive health.
How about some voices never before hearing?
What if we give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three million comes up?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Foldill.
He emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how they protect protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were joining and started playing it.
And it has been shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the computer innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a couple of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the corrupt point of the game.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
Maybe they think I would be chasing panels, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common commodity."
It was the bottom.
I caught it too much until the 1880s.
Now fish is in the Red List of CEO.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing about special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The flowers still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the candidate of the waist.
Because I was there in 1973, studying a lake in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot of the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were the tiles of about 20 centimeters -- the black barrier talent.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he was earning more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down in half.
They draw at five centimeters at five.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of sand fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly -- was called the Museum Four.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in southern China Sea and especially in the Sahara Sea.
What we captured was something inevitable.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on a couple of remains, the remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then it starts commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a platform.
This is a dead tower.
They didn't eat them. They were discovered because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not attached.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where they never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of parties, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis, and we have good things -- biodiversity -- amount of oceans, the vegetables of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images in the beginning of their conscious life as normal.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the cause of change.
And at the end of the end will keep a few more miserables.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they are not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they have done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- is little frequency.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little bit of frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea sea of great fish.
They become little frequent because we fishing.
Over time you have a few fish, but we think that's the point of particle.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present, like you can capture such and such a look at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually don't use the science scientists because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instrumental societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can take a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really get the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of the party has gone around and it's very low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their part point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I believe that the arts and the cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bake Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay -- 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that maps and tons are like "Salamiefoodable."
And if you think about Valentine," if you think about why people were moving with the movie --  -- by talking about the story of Pantherones, why will you be able to do with the pictures?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I'm going to give, is Cameron -- to make "Salamander II, underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Lake, the YouTube generation manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- concerts, commercials. When I was younger, it seemed something very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notion in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a syndrome.
They climb over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only one little percentage gets viral -- it gets infinite and completely cultural manufacturer.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Big Vack OK. Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Hoopy, guide."
KA: Last year, Ben School published this film of his house at the National Park Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the police rise of the past summer.
Beau is not allowed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call Young Mountain Bear.
I've already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimbeake.
Jimmy Kimmind published this tunnel that would capture the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmy presents us new things and interesting things and draw them to a wider audience.
Record Black,"  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday --   All of you want to get the weekend of weekend --        You want to get a weekend.      Kate, you don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"You see, "German Black "Self, it's one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Rear Iran double, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks -- they're also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday diet?
Well, it took Tutopia and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Microsoft Science Theater was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends take a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there's 10,000 pieces of "Self-extent on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the Universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by providing it or doing something new with that.
"No Catherler, it's a repetitive animation with a music computer.
That's that, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird -- you know there's a three-dimensional version of three million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was remixes.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became interactive.
Suddenly, a whole community came up with a remix community that made this happen to be a joke to something that we all can be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Rear Iran double or Red Black or "Now Cat?
What were you going to have written that would contemplate this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be associated so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the millennes in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Niestei: I was made by not circular by the direction, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bird.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and his humor, Casey Nigeria got five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for everything that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Big Vack mean? What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trends -- creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media in a new culture, which we all have access to and is the audience that defines the popular.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Beime, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they just are the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still brought up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come into Sanda, facing the fact that their life had been totally in sun.
The words, for so long friends, now they blow it.
It was reported in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My job was not to let that have been in sun, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to get us, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the end of the standing disabled to the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 when her father died, and a conditioning marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that defies fiction, a boat displaced into the sea disguised by fishing bar.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pianos, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a flight floor.
If we were caught up, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the protein diving in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate people who came several times, but they were angry with the valuable of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we disappeared in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fokura, a class suburb who is working whose population is composed of immigrants together.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I was, in Followers, I had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the trained English were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be taken, which was usually clothed. It was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the totals, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful looks about the taste of the barriers, and some graffiti -- "Asia, go home."
home, where?
Something in me was existed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exposed every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered hair, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then he studied to be an artist and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, incompared and influenced, and transparent kids caught between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic classical student, involved with what he gave from myself.
In the other, I was convicted of raw lives, tragically hurt by violence, the abuse of drugs and installation.
But many people received help over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of adolescence, I was elected the young Australia of the year.
And I was captured from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
And so read, announcement from Fourtwords, was now so Law, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get to the routine and the comfort of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on every single day and left asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
The no one had been an option.
"Look, he said, "And not what not these."
So I talked about juvenile disaster and education and destroying it to the marginalized and the restrown.
And the more frankly he was talking, the more I was able to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my liberation, I realized I couldn't stay in a career race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a newly coming out, new on the scene -- and not just it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to copy the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your promise.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world breaks down, but not the way we fear it.
possibility that they wouldn't have been allowed to be all tremendously.
There was an energy there, an implicational optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I put together a small group of people who the motto cannot do -- it was an irritable challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I had a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant, and we opened up step.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My hearts.
Three months later, I had moved down, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Construction was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At the age of 17, it became a concentration of a Mandela whose mother beat her.
Without a support of his husband, they caused a shot to demand it and take the cause itself, and much more reverse caused when they win.
You can't do it to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died to 1,000 miles in Miller.
I looked through the shortage of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come back.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fokolas, and we sat around their attacks.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a man came up and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the mouse, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken his hand from the Morning."
"They haven't supported it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, suggesting brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and look at it, I would do it.
Third Newtonian and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rays about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the sun Sunday Mahate Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian expense "The Mahatma."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we went back to a car, and we built the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I Arabic, the great Prince warrior India, he was seed, he took a bow and a floor to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that came up with me.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an attack if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't throw my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a girl my grandfather gave me his pill plate of pocket.
And this 50-year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and the battles in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury lines and the cameras prevent that we are.
They slow our inspiration.
So I was launched by that, I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic.
I illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrator becomes more and more multi-polar.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khatofold, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "You put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
At several times I get a strand -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood to those ideas that we open up with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out to me exciting.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And really, you light your way into what the book is.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy is supposed in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I drag into this magic device inside of the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the fantasy books there have always been maps but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, folded and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content, and at the same time.
These are the companies here.
We all heard about the hats and the cybercriminals, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the companies would be adaptable?
These poor adventures have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old book and book.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals today as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked off, they have not come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out abroad, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of colors, stones, stones, the coming and concentrations.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection collection that then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a load and says, "Oh, I saw a loaded.
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the various connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and it turns out to be augmented by looking at a group of animated deaths that appear on the inside of the house.
At a moment the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and show them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology come up one another.
We take the power of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University Running was to go to a listening director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way -- she was telling a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody else, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia search. It's a very simple thing.
It has a legacy of light and sheet.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Kim.
But it's so simple, that every time I hook up, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor has access to him as well. So, he can see what my weight problem is -- not at the same time that it needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia search, and before I went up to my car, people start to talk to me, Litch, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From next week, it will be available.
This little battery connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to control and be capable of their own boat, but it also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
Doing techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also through crossing.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are in Matth.
Also where all the gas gallery.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the closest Design to help this patient?
And we asked ourselves, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the CEO saves lives right now.
What we did was we made crowdsourcing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to, you see, you see a DDT, please send it, dogs where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 CEO was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Matth and someone collapse. They can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use their Microsoft cell microscope to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just as a USA U.S., which is the name of the product, but also as USAFT.
And we wish to start at the world level.
We're getting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the crossing of the DNA around the world.
Every time you have vacation and someone collapses it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messages of message or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA who's shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest on photography was woke up with my first digital camera at age 15.
I mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when the pulse is presented.
For me, photography had more to be in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pulse.
Photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of fulfillment.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say realistic I'm saying.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Does the light?
What creates illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it was.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really consists of combining different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are those in which we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to be wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
So you might think this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The underwater was captured in a pill of stone.
And yes, I even made the house on the top of the island so that it seemed more Sweden.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here each piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic at time.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please play it if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the ROM microbes versus the power of local area networks.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, like many others that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with members is a novel thing.
So here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please find the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we spend technological curves on the logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if I drew them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I would like to graph, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation in a members of members would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as the microbes, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go through that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a feedback that every few years to advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until it makes something completely different, or maybe doing something like that.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, what is that new way that I embrace the world?
What new is the world done?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we are embedded in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been coming, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
It's a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different than it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition could be that we experiment.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big star rock with many chemicals that float around it.
So if you look at the way that chemicals are organized, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating up some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil goats.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them had a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide a significant distribution of chemicals that they have.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow spread to be better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals, they grow more, they put more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented by it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some way that we don't really understand these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate for.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did for fun. We can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide people from the security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments, and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of all of the present, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a clock I'd put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different in which it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and stuck them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they established a synergy.
And so they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were more and fascinated by evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the muscle or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that did more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the researchers responsible for recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years because of the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals found the communication trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in my head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few graduates and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in your heads that saves some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to turn it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstract.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
Telephone, computing -- video tape, the CDAP, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of You in which it produced some evolution with the Congometer program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took took a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language, etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is related, I guess authority is the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feeds.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I work to design them would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thinkarian Machines -- we think of a level of abstraction, put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
And in fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random self-assembly sequence.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequence sequences in chance?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, exercise all those programs, and take those who are more approach to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did do?
Let's take those and eliminate the rest.
And now we play the ones that best ordered the numbers.
And we went back to reproduce them following a process of analog recovery to sex.
We take two programs, which will send children, who exchange submersibles, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the combination of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
Capable of again.
It introduces some mutations.
And I try and try again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they get the trade.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
Once I was going in a 747 with Marilyn Minister and pulled up a card and says, "Look at this.
It says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel little?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes very different.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
It's refugee.
The thing goes faster, and so I think it seems so hard.
Because all these technologies are reported.
We're standing up.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple multiples.
We are the legs, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time to allow me to make part of my false president in that.
Before I treated my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the world, the World Server.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for sticking back the rules, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battlefield.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that broke 300 percent.
That means that the battery escapes effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being carried, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 percent battery in the Great Legos?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how they call a 400 baseball baseball battery?
By the way, that is somebody who is 10 strokes about four.
Learning like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of baseball to run over 400 strokes in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have applications and they're arrested to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record in advanced.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved place has two correlated coronary arteries and their family doctor would bring it to a cardiologist whose record is 200 percent.
But you know something?
She's actually improving this year.
And their attributes have been 275 degrees.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic show, from a nurse or a binary operation.
10,000, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all medicine knows the attributes of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a paralyzed.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I include the verge of being perfect.
So that never, ever, they make a mistake and you think to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was an obsessed student company.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test.
So that.
I studied in my little desert, in the need of nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my analysis class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the wheel, the dynamic difference and the non-street diagnose.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney subject state.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would enjoy mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Dragon.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when brought to the lady Dragon to emergency where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the service service.
And when emergency requested to a cardiologist I got to attend to that patient.
And it will report to the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Dragon, I was warning.
I heard a remarkable sound.
And when I got it, I heard a short sound in both sides, which gave me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of throwing the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
He gave him aspirational and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I ate the first mistake. I sent her to his house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of resistance.
I didn't pick up the phone or do what I should have done, which was called my boss and to see it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I probably didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Geographic, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Dragon, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total natural, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
And so he signed the high one, and the ambulance along with the parachute had taken her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad press in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walk towards the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that point, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there another nurse, not that he was taking care of the lady Dragon before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there is an emergency particular and is that we see patients fascinated.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back with the same tone tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
On the age of an hour of having come to his house, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 9411, the newspapers brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Hung, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave them medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and stuck to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then the spacing was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days after it was obvious to never wake up.
He had an invisible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, it was required to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Dragon, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks I was punished by that, and I experienced for the first time the shame of shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt just -- isolated, without feeling that shame shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the patients and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The shame shame that I talk about is that it makes us feel very bad about it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt it.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I am sure that I smooth things and made sure that I wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my chief? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so touring?
Why did I choose medicine?
Soon that feeling was distinguished.
And I started feeling better.
And in a closed day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I dropped the efforts to be perfect to not make any more errors, it would make those voices.
And so on.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, he was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, in the throat.
I was very busy and bored.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, was a little color.
He wrote the penicillin and sent him home.
But while he ran to the door he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my cow change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And I set up the three words: Do you remember you?
Does it remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
Well, he came back and he didn't have a commander farm.
I had a potentially deadly effect called electronics.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It was adding antibiotics for interactive and recovered by a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representatives, then I was relieved and I went back to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Twice in the same round of urgency. Don't diagnose angers.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculating.
And they order an X-ray of kidneys, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was revealing the patient perceived some sensitivity on the lower right quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diagnosed.
I heard liquid to remember and ask my colleague to check it.
I checked it up and when I noticed some sensitivity on the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was shocked.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a believe.
The most significant.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the gap that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same errors.
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't hear someone talk about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a translator in my hospital captured the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at her eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have safe results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies who start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discrimination and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prisons and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, to my program, "Blood Court, Black Art, Black Art, Black Art."
And what I learned is that errors are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 presidential drugs in the hospital are wrong, or definition is not right. In a system where interruptions are increasingly more and more numerous -- providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian conditions die by external medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about sharing subsidies, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get ourselves.
And sleep privatization is invited.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes with eyes with close eyes and all of a sudden, and all of a sudden, my story is about application.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all the professional problems to error -- well, no one left.
And with respect to people doesn't want to talk about their most seriously closer?
In my program, white determined, black art, is already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would say to everybody, from the parachute to the heart surgery chief -- "This is my worst mistake: "This is my worst mistake, and it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical physician is human -- you know a human, accept it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it forces to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with trying to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make errors every time in when it happens.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
So recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American. It's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research research for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks driven by these executives and the time they were involved in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 193 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of it is an hour for an hour.
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current today, choose to be able to choose to support options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the opportunity sport?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I found this very, very high level supermarket, at least at that time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Drewings.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I wondered, why never buy nothing?
This is the sound of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed out to me the buses full of turbines who came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the membranes.
Pale.
They had 345 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six flavors or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what can people be willing to stop the membrane?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a missing rate.
Here's the opposite effect.
The ones that were stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy mixed.
The ones that stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent was bought by mixed up.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy mixed if they found six -- that if they found 24 percent.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memorize probably it gets us, and it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the supply of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Mr. Hubble, and Cameron Kander and Web Jane, where we see the decisions about savings for about a million Americans from about 65 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funding available in salts of salamanders for retirement, the 404 program -- destroyed people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation in the way.
We had 656 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the numbers of funds, they had less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the choices are, the more people were involved to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that you make the decision -- that you apply it even when this is going against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying things, even though they're objectively going to be better.
The main reason is that we look at that giant variety of May, mustard and yaw and mixed up, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exhibition of that.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried, in one form or another, in different research, so you can test in their business.
The first one, Curtain.
You've heard it before, but it's never been true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "I could correct.
They care about losing space in the analyst.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut up, getting rid of strange devices, there will be an increase in the sales -- they'll get the costs down, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Protocol & Gamble went from 26 different types of Healeh & Hollywood to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Catholic Corporation eliminated the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- they increased the uses in 84 percent, for two causes, bigger sales and less cost.
You know that the supermarkets today, in average, 45,000 products.
On a store of Walmart are offered about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alien and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce salt.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Lawkurists, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life insurance fund.
Those who really want to choose, they're offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices."
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Give me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate -- you can't make your clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience a few cows with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Garden.
(Audience applications. Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think it actually hit more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can go up and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of options, which is Concrete.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vividly very concerned.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effect?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Benjamin and Alexander President, about Nigerian Nigerian people who worked in NGOs, these people were in a meeting in which they were affecting a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we looked at exactly how we used it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved more money.
With this minute there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from four percent.
The third technique is Clarification.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets throughout the current run, the magazine exhibition can contain from 31 different types to 666.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry.
One is called Jack and the other, "Sandy and the other one.
If you think the one on the left is Swing and the one on the right is Japan, give a palm.
(Audience applications. Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Switzerland, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Switzerland. But you know what?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something that they choose to, not to define them.
You often see this problem with these huge fund lists.
Now who are you influencing?
My fourth category, conditioning complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows it to be completely personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to open the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
colors, foreign color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you act always the button for the defect in every decision, it indicates you're overwhelmed -- or it is, we're losing them.
We found that those who are going from many options in a few choices, they give up the button for defect over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn how to pick up.
Although the pick of change is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more adopted with the process.
To sum up.
I've been talking about four techniques to mitigate the problem of opposition of choices: cut, eliminate strange alternatives -- Congress, make it real. Cleaning, we can handle more categories with fewer options -- conditions complexity.
All these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help handle the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Eastern East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing it had to register it to the government.
I had to register a screen of examples written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that somebody could do this, how much it would be limited to be freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow score on each page that makes a pattern that makes them out of one and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be very excited about this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can farm the attacks on its attacks.
There are three main groups.
They are civilians.
Like Mr. Dimitra Goldill in Kivia City, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, the number of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multi-polarization, that won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tesne from Turkey, State.
This is Alfred Jonas.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Berk Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson Anderson, Tairetic Alaska, etc., etc.
These guys make their forms online, but they do it by illegal media by banking transistors to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service makes two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jack is slide, you know his parachute.
And I say it's more likely to be more likely to be victims of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from evil to worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have collapsed over the last 12 months, occupying a role in the lines online.
Those are the three main attacker, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Dinosaur.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a central control authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
Declare the last fall because of a salary.
They sustained the security of the site, and they lost a cyber synthesizer.
Last week I asked him, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were planning the death of people because of the attack of the attack to Dinnert.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die because of an attack of these?
Digitizing is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certifications serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with students, self-assembly services, services like Geographic.
Except that they introduce a foreign certified authority.
And that encourage cost certificates.
And in the case of Digitation it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters were taken out of the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
And among those papers was this card titled "In "The HIV/AIDS.
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company silk is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Concerned Train was found -- a transition used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection.
They'll even use tools like the Congo Training to infect our computer with a transition to allow them to see all of the communication, and listen to the online discussions, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious response should be "Well, it seems something wrong, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's about privacy.
privacy.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we respond today, will be forever.
Are we going to trust any future government in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park Park doesn't have close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like cells migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and found it dead felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses -- we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to put them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up driving a lot to lions.
And they died them are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also mad with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of six at nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this was actually not served because it even helped lions to see the state of far.
I wasn't laughing. I kept going.
One second idea was to use a spinal spine.
I was trying to deceive the lions so they thought it was near the state.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spines, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the assembly with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
And I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I will understand and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I threw everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little iconic box -- I call it a transformation.
And the light box makes the lights go.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights go down and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them up. You can see at the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena screens, and it's also being used to spend elephants of farmers.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya, Book International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the savanna paintings paying my father's cows and I used to see airplanes fly, and I was saying someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come up in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
And I was ocean. What in my tongue means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting a story is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship -- Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RD: My next invention -- I want to do an electric close -- CA: An electric close?
RD: I know you invented the electric close, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you tried it once a time, right?   -- RA: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a called called a call.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to fit in every step that you do, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little bit, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Don't envision.
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Inceea, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although sometimes I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden back.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five family members will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're recorded together in the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
It was very attacked.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A homeless woman was dead in the street, holding a child in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine.
In the end, over a million Koreans died during the famine and only a few survived eating password, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cut, all around me was completely at night at night except for the sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the River Army, which serves the boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very attached to certain points, allowing Americans to grow a lot.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life was like Norway refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also dangerous, because the Native refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reproductive to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was introduced in the police station.
Somebody had been accused to be Norway, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and asked the questions.
At the end of the interface an officer told another one, "This was a fake report -- she's not North."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China search for a foreign embarrassed atmosphere.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and depressed to North Korea, where they're tortured or scared or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape a lot of other Americans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can be stored in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk me going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Coming in South Korea was a much bigger challenge of what I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even take a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgeon or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with myself.
Although adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the entrance of income to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received an alarming call.
North Korean authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for more than 3,000 miles across China, and then through South Asia.
The bus in bus took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was unfortunately stood up and I told him that they were deaf people who were accelerating.
He looked at me suspected, but fortunately I believed it.
We did all the way up to the Ladenian border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and increased by crossing the border.
After paying and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Lake Caperalism.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was a prisoner in prison in the short distance of the South Korea.
I was going to come between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple mouses.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English poor and a dictionary, I explained to her the situation, and without doubt the man was to the automatic cabel and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank her all my heart, and I asked him, "Why does it help me?
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the Norwegian people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The little unknown supply symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And he showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the waste of hope that the Norden people need.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half of the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, the work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us keep in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans spreading around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central South.
This is Central Southern. Little stores of life, rapid food, barrels.
So the planners in the city came together and thought, let's change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  shops of life, fast food, barrels.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of court diseases in Los Angeles Center Southern.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hillis who's about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of house you see the effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs bought and sold as used cars.
I see pollutant distinctions like Starcults.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to I was tired of driving 45 minutes away and back to buy a apple that doesn't have positive.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land that we call a garden.
It's 45 meters tall three feet.
The point is, it belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grames, we put together and start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do is, we are kind of a payfing group that is made by arrangement of all the processors, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then someone got completely.
The city came up with me, and in summary, they gave me a quote by saying that I had to remove my garden, the circle became justice or hostile.
And I was like, "Come on, right?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, I'll take it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lock, and I talked to the concert and one of the members of Green Grames, who put a petition in Christmas, with 900 signatures -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concert even called to say that they would go back and they love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more battlefield bars.
It has 60 miles of ballettic land.
That's 20 Central Park.
That is enough space to plant 125 million tomato plants.
Why don't you feel good about this?
To grow a plant to give you a thousand seats, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of shoulders will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my minute, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me by others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
As an artist of graffiti -- which ecosystems walls, I embark soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and the plants and the trees, are my embrace of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You'd be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The garden is the most temperate and proportional act that you can do, especially in a translation.
Also, they get free.
I remember a occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like 16,000 at night and they were in my garden, and they looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't you fear people going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid they're going to robot it."
That's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to get your health report.
There was another time when I put a garden in a homeless shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Grames has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We have had, as about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and the body, you eat blind people in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Caractor.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans now, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become ecologically recorded, supports, garage garden.
We have to change the script of what's a guard.
If you're not a garden, you're not a guide.
That the footprints take their room right?
That is your own choice.
In summary, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with your bank so that we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  (Audience ends)  You probably all agree that this is a very nice road.
It's made of application, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that shifts.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars pass out, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we would want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make perfect vacuum roads.
The perfect application, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all of the rain water flow down the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will not get water out of water.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very great, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has depressions, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can go down.
What is the deployment? You see that in this road the surface stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give you your paradigm, and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harm.
Sometimes they can create battles with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage is in this material.
It's a perfect application, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advent between the stones between the stones.
Because of the interest, to the ultraviolet light, to the opinion, this attachment, this base, the glue between the rivers, it will be encroached, and if you get together, they will be microbes and separated from the adverse.
So if you drive down the road, you will get the adverse -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of automatic materials.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the base.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook a machine of industry.
The industry can be silent, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the base, the blessing flow through these microbes and the rocks will look again at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great information machine here to the stage.
The minister of microwave is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So we were donated by a piece of road, 400 meters of the Aphonic highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage -- that's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we repeated them then with our operating machine, and we pulled them back and on.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, you can even double the life of the surface -- really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before I can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the gold in my house.
My father was listening BBC News, in his little gray radio radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depression.
"The Taliban was gone." I yelled my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a secondary school."
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was taken away from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to school my older sister -- I could no longer be used outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we would seem to go shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we went back our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was recently closed for a week, because the Taliban saved.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total discomfort of a remote province from Afghanistan. He insisted on her daughter, my mother, outside the school, and so her father was represented by his father.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is it.
It would go back two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Me, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. They can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to not continue?
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the male -- and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself proud to graduate at Mexico College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was expanding from his home by the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He didn't just get my college degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I bring it down by the streets of Kabul.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 2001, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Khatoo. It's not your true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going from the way from SISA to his village, and literally they were taken away from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice told her that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it again.
"Get me already, if you will, he said, "But I won't hurt my daughter for his old and reliable idea."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we survived, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds, remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last a lot, after the U.S. troops in the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who were advocating for them, that the animals -- I see a future and a lasting future.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities, and every day, the girls of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the experiment, "Did, resist to Gabby. He struggled against him.
But you never become a revolutionary revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the liberal revolution was inspired by the maintenance of mass movements so much from the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other library citizens, inside and out of the country to call a day of strange and start a revolution against the iconic regime of Gaha.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and men and men were in the wind, regiminated the fall of the regime, by creating freedom and social justice.
They've shown an example of the fact that you have to face the brutal brutal of Gaha.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the board.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy charge, a label legacy, corruption and self-assembly seeds.
For four decades, the terms of Gallonard destroyed the infrastructure and culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Consequence of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, together to many other women, rebuild the liberal civil society, providing an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the top of Gabby -- about 300 in Trivia.
After a 33 years of experience, I went back to Libya, and with a single entire, I started organizing workshops about developing skills, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women we founded the Platophen of Women for peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of the woman and for our rights of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the property period, an environment that was increasingly politically, which is model of the exposed policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, because of the extension of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing. Every day we found news news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and subjects support.
Another day he started with the news of the murder of the American ambassador, and the contaminated attack.
Another day we woke up with the news murder of the military office.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of military and their continued violence of the human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, became more pollen, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exception and the poison became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the "law "correct, and the elections.
Now I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because the choices didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The criminal list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish police policies and exception, both by men and by women?
Maybe what was missing wasn't just women, but female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election of choice, which only reinforce polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like anger agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as compassion agents and mission.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also put the marketing rather than revenge. collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of the excuse.
These are the ideals that Libya, shattered by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a rain that deals from the interrelationship and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creative.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it sociologist.
According to a Korean Karney version of the Koran "Sale, peace. It's the word of the mission God, "You know, compassion."
At the same time, the word "radical, which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Armanta" -- symbolizing the female and material, which is about all the humanity of the men and women who all the tribes and all the peoples have had.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all of existence.
So we are told, "My mercious adds all the things."
This is how you tell us, "My mission prevents on my anger.
That you all tell them the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk about a uncomfortable question, which has an equally uncomfortable answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one you all do always -- why do she stay there?
Why would someone stay with a man who let him lose?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in Seval magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American correct card and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I believed my soul gentleman, I stood on my head with a gun.
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of love "completely," a psychological trap. I was disguised by love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
And it could be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm launched at Harvard University and I have a MBA in March Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the "Fortune 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burke and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years of my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and I drive an Ordeance Mindmashautre Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all of the races, all the religion, all the levels of region and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and inefficient and long duration or said otherwise, the last place where we wanted or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so disconnected.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who painted him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women in the United States have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other age, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and bride and breathing husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting beside my side in the subway in New York and began to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had just taken away from a university of the Sierra Legolath and he worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a young guy.
I had some big motors like apples and a breakfast skin wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it mostly at the beginning in a pedestrian.
We started coming out and I loved all of my memory, which was a list that had gone to Harvard, who was passionate about helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Connecticut believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was because of that precise school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to go and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love "course, which was entering head in a physical trap. And financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And here is where those plates come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congo had to feel so safe it bought three pilos.
One was on the top of the car.
Another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those slides because of the trauma that I lived in small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those plates actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and he still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very right.
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact that I formed a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost myself, and he gave me so strong in my head that I remembered several times against the car sensor.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- he took up by the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
Concert continued to find me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why do I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, I fell in love with a profoundly terrified man, and I was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his devils to face.
The other question that everybody does is, why does it simply not make it fail?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone anywhere.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a mallustance.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murders in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put up the relationship -- after it goes, because then the abuse has no longer had anything to lose.
Other implications include permanent and even after the abuse has come back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to terrified the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend time not super-street with the man who pasted their mother.
And we still keep asking why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last science paper that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world, to the police, to my neighbors and my friends and family, to my friends, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to advocate victims as specific headlines, authenticity women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is your for staying up, as if the victims are going to be able to instantly fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "I love "Ilmightomath," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also shoot, who learned an anti-profit lesson of what happened to them and did their lives of life and happy lives as employees, wives, and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a grandfather and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black book and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to get to have ever more, ever, is a coal passenger pointing to my head in someone who says I want to want.
At this point, as they're thinking, "Hall, that's fascinating, or "Hall, what silly was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being malentative or that they were from small or being absorbed themselves.
The dance might be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love particular board by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse was only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the dance to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They show their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene to build their scale and show the victims a safe salt.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this up.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to press it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they started, they don't have to say it now, but I will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what I think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater. Because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a noise in real life.
And I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would drag the back and would match the hair of the kid.
Of course, except to surgery or an artificial brown like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although surface and immune has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but signales.
The first question is, how do you get to model?
And I always say, "A hackers discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heroin, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we also have associated it at a high and spectrum figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that is my heritage -- a heritage that I have known to make to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, "Happens" -- there you're Nairobi, Tourca, Joan Shames, Libya Win.
First of all, the happiness to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City counted all and each of the models in the runway, and the 747 models, only 27 -- is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is: Can I be a model when being larger.
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell you to each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a crazy correctional surgeon and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still inspire, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my girl.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the red chief of the American Voice magazine or the HIV executive director or the next Steven Meat.
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a circle and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, is to say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your current script said, "Modern clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are retrieved.
And yes, it's pretty much relaxed all the photos, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
So I light next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a passion party a few days before the pictures for the French zone.
Here I am with my football team and I was on the V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creation of a group of professionals, peaks, machines, photographers and stars, and all their aid and people of pressure and production, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20 inches of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple of -- but the privilege I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the dress free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a principle of conductor, and he jumped up a red season and of course, they would stop us, and I had a feeling of it, agent to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege by my aspect -- not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 150,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded. 86 percent were black and laten, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177, young black young young black young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of going to you?"
But how many times will I stop me? And what?
When I research for this talk, I learned that to 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at the age of 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life from a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin, and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the brightest hair and the clothing closed and the most likely women are physically more insecure on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to go back from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures and I wasn't me who pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimal care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them random tourists.
My story starts when I find myself in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that's the corner of the 57 and five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to know New York City on a paper trip and you continue the ritual.
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we can think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new historical, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spent together is something that we hope all the year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking around, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red tower from the wrist store that he loved in small visits before.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started that I remembered his heart to swim with strength by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging active in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't get out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that brings the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and they don't doubt to get up to somebody and ask question: Does it take us a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bubbles are in the most frightening bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney right now as mental characters, tons of students.
More recently, if you've been following the press Kenyan press, an acceptable Kenyan press and accelerations are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean.  The parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are hardly monitoring.   You're far away from getting extinct.  And my favorite, the burges have better presence --   There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the babies of the New World that are mostly in the Americas, like the cords and the cards, and the Gordness of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bubbles important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
They are our natural garbage collections.
They cleaned up the caves to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be because of them would be extended and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bulls, the caves take three to four times longer to put up, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The bubbles also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protest and the maternity and, along with the cobra the unit between the Alto and the Lower Egypt.
In the Indian mythology. Jack was the god boat, and he risked his life to save the David 10 head of the devil of 10 heads Rando.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important numbers of open sky -- in places like Tibet. There are no place to bury death, or wood to eat them, so these bats provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the bubbles?
We have eight species of bubbles in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened ends.
The reason is that they're being converted, and the reason they are being invented is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, physical communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the boundaries are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burgest are on the endangered danger of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the consumer consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dicking.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there are no burgers, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in caves, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time bomb for rage -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 335 advances are going to be up to the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them up in half.
They are birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible market of dead bubbles to serve the ship and the Francescond market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bubbles, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services they provide.
How can you help? It can become active action, to make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very unconscious creatures. Donation your time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will report on the bubbles, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bubbles.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1994 to 1977, to 1977, young Luck, but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of Mark, Algerian and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was struck.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we installed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "From the Market of Zambia," was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds in southern Zambia.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't happen.  We were amazed that the local local, they had no agriculture.
But instead of asking you how it was possible that they don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just in time to save people in the human health.
And of course, everything in Africa was very beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the chemothers, "Look at how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, the bad and red, overnight.
And the checks said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say it? You never ask: "You never ask.
I thought only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we give people to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, he read "Hey, David Death, from David Moodle, a ship economist ...
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Leader from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperatives, constrained missions, and we treat people only two ways -- or we are sponsoring them, or we're participating.
The two words come from Latin Rainbody, which means "father."
However, they mean two different things.
Pathogen, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot.
Patrice, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called Bango, head.
That book gave me a slap in the face of the face, which is a little bit of a beautiful, written by School, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- levers alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that isn't necessarily?
I decided at the age of 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facial Company where you never start anything, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a sensory of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what does you do? It's street.
It has never come to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a coffee coat. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not once we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never go, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified it.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business, who starts with you in your house, at the table of his kitchen, in the coffee, and helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of getting your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to move away from this conditioning garbage where we get to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stand up and I heard them."  So the government says, "Lean again."  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drawing, one of the greatest business advice in history, died at the 1960s, a few years ago.
Peter Dragon was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawing, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company.
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you are reconstructing Christian without knowing what the smartest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to stand up with you.
You have to offer them free, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come in in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you talking about this morning today?
Passion local people. That's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- full fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture -- we cure, we education, we transport seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution, universities? Forget it.
The government? Forget it.
They're going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a futuristic magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people came together -- and they speculate what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was commodities, New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population stays growing up to this rate, to bring to the population of New York to the ages, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already getting in dung --   so in 1860, they were revealing this dirty technology that would have opened New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States there were 100 authoritarian manufacturing companies, 1004.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, we were self-assembly, in places in place.
Deauthout, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them trust.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute and dedicated service, excited service.
And post-conflict, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things magnificent, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with a fantastic marketing communication, and you have to count with a giant financial administration.
Do you know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for the money.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford -- all the new companies, Google, Japan.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was started by one person.
I had no word "me," but the word "We were 32.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
And so we can create the community where we have facilitators who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee streets, in bars alongside their dedicated dedicated people who will do for you, what someone did by this gentleman who talks about this optimist, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "Would I want you to look for somebody like it?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substitutions, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we stand and ask more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love from New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant rules that give a shadow to lovers and borders and souls for centuries and trust in a city.
 there is a device in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned property of America.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a higher space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I drink for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete it, before I die of die."
So the trains could take a chalk. Think about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment, but the next day, the wall was replaced and still covered.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be a pingle pinky piano,  before I die, I want to sit in the line of date change.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the Web.
Before I die, I want to hug it again."
Before I die, I want to go to the rescue.
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was constructed and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at the backs, they detrimed, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and spread to them, it's about giving the reflection and the pollution, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit, and now they have been made in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution in income, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
So think of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fear and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remember is 22 years old, it's high and very cool.
It doesn't talk, but it transfers joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love.
I share it increasing what happens.
It's not an absolute. It doesn't look at the skin color.
They don't care about religious differences, and you think about this: it never has been.
When you sing songs from our childhood, trying to provide words that I don't even know about me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It has the most improvised memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came up with each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, put my arm on my arm during the first episode of Telescope and the birthday of Lady Gabby.
Do you not seem incredible?
But most people disagree with.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart, and I worked my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automatically, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual in each individual it was made different from there that Remin is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that faster in the world, there is no cause or no cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I wrote a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and returned in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting the cars on the row around the room, look at the washing washing and eat anything that would be in between.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the bricks, frustration and intimately inevitable, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments that I would have wished that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normally happens to the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rem and Sam and to you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have. They're a dog -- each of us has a gift in its inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for grand, progress and change dies at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it should have been to be Alaska in the Wars of the Maribiors.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and their big books and their big words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our greatest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, honest humans.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
We don't just tell you that they study the work, but they study the treatments, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat optimism.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The jargon.
You can say, "spectacular and temporary, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them tons.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways to get and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget about the ballettic signs.
They have wondered why they call the balls?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed.
Instead, this film of examples of Benjamin Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the odds is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Toronto.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that are going to get out of our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media, huge with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire Oxford English dictionary is "completely."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Stone means "computer, depression policy."
Although there was a personal editor of the 19th century, that he defined it much better when he said, "A self-organization is the one that looks for a public charge no matter or particular or principle, and that, when I win, you get it for the mere use of a monumental regular moral.
I have no idea what it means "return?
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis of politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 174 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who was faced with Park.
They put him in the London Tower and they locked it up, but he had enough courage to face them, and eventually he had a popular support in London who won.
And only a few years later, we had the first record of the phrase like this baby baby -- "Our body like metal.
Most people think it's light.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to return to the United States, just after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debating in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions they could have frustration.
Some of you wanted to call it "The Washington State "The Washington, and others, "Your Allende George Washington, and other "Departments of the U.S. People in Washington.
Not very attack.
Some of you just wanted to call it "River."
They thought it was quality of quality.
And not even with that were monkeys, they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everyone was immensely tired, because this debate was released for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator and I always wrote, still with this subject."
What caused the parachute and the fact was that the House of Report was against the Senate of Research.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be publicated from power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he was giving him or her sample ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title and more unfortunate title that was going on.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- already there was before, but it only meant somebody who prevents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grandchildren than the term "capture, or "Supernatural."
There were evolved presidents of small colonial advices and government traditions, but it was really an insighter title.
And that's why the Senate is opening.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digitals."
"And who will take a serious title with a title as ridiculous and insight as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't come down.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never really represented the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you might keep waiting for 223 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you with this, is that the U.S. President of President doesn't sound so modest today.
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to despair, the largest economy of the world and a flower of non-zero-sum vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have shaped the title of grandmasters.
So at the end I won the Senate at the end.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of singular, -- well, it was a silent then.
But you know how many nations are you presenting?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end the Senate won and the Repair Cameron Camero, because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now President of America.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the fact that most of the words might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of Southern bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that caption of male tons and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap light little bit of blood light on the head with this annoyang elastic and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
My hand was restored and suddenly I remember a mine that I met earlier before, that I lost control and fell up to me in that well.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole by risking their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Campaign of Vack Peace Campaign.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a front of Feer The Spanish, an NGO who dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we ended up talking to me that I felt very bad, I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this approach of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
And I was made of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of Feet the Spanish and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've already been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, I would very dirty transportation.
A conservative calculation says there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations by all of the 18 dollars of an 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
The slavery operates in commercial, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are displaced.
slavery exists in almost everybody and, however, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the horses of brick horses.
This weird and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell.
Industrial in a temperature of 54 degrees temperature, men, women, children, in fact, the entire families wrapped in a heavy dust of dust, applied mechanically river in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the artistic furnaces to trucks that are to hundreds of feet.
discouraged by the monkey and the cancer work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe descendant would make it quite intelligent.
So pennies were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to send it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the ability I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Like, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already left.
I had to trust the Spanish and work within the system for his release, and I trusted that they would get it.
In me, I waited to get home to feel my deliberate heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains to the trucks that were waiting down.
Those big planes were more heavy than the children who charge them and kids were holding them to their heads with cards made of strings and ropes and hardware.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so invisible?
Some of you don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages recorded their freedom, the slaves burn their houses.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness they warned me to be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was beaten by women who had been previously sexually slaves.
I was driven by some angular stairs that gave this dirty basement, of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bit.
It was rather a restaurant.
Responsible as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms where the shared sharks with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a bomb and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
As a few in the memory, I remember having felt a fear of artist -- and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be to stay trapped in that hell.
I just had a salt, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no doors.
There were no windows enough for transparency.
Those people have no scanner and, because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery even -- even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people who are slave in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the labor of a slave work.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families in the trade trade.
This is a portrait of family.
The hands team of black are the father, the blue teams and the red, their children.
They mix sharks in these big barrels and they dip the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the store is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house some day and go somewhere else where our work really pays us.
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, make sense of it?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trafficked families, disappeared and forced to work extinct displays in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing anything.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it to be temperated, that his little canoe was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the trees plunged in Lake Valley often catch networks and children and fathers and fear, they drop into the water to unleash the branches.
A lot of them get shocked.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to run and like all life has been treated with cross, preferably treat the youngest slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they took up the last networks, but they had been working from the one from one of the one from a one.
On the cold and visible night.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koba.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which Free The Spanish was refused to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
I driving through a road in Ghana with the partners of Free The Spanish, a complaint with his engine suddenly sped up and support our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a road of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he introduced us to go out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then I pointed out this set up barely and said, "This is the path, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we removed the advances that blocked the path and after walking about an hour we found that the path was upset by the recent rains and so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we dropped in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the small path ended up at a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
Many women had kids tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in the waters with a market.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pill in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were involved in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irrigated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have to get up to 90 feet and these people load heavy stones of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men and virtues but if we look closer to the margin -- we see that we can work to others less and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the benefit of the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be computer.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not about that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with help of local activists like Feer The Spanish, and it's this kind of determination, from face to remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will have testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not medical megas. They're real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, malaria, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force sends a fire and that that fire sends light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make mathematical math and there is a peculiar problem for who does it -- we are like management consumptions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'll try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They delegate the virtues of the whale and the class dancers -- that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial altitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Street who, at his time, was a virtuous dancing of ballet ball.
In the last few years, a lot has been programmed in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness -- temperatures, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective metric and certain.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves, right?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try and try it -- you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Striller.
This is a video of the vocal string vibration.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds when they speak -- we can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes necessary -- the Philips, for example.
And like the whale, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
So let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate and as well as Parkinson's affects limbs, also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom board, you can see an example of set of the vocal strings of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice illustration, weakness and ridiculous.
The speech becomes more quiet and associated after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these tests compared to the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precisely. Okay, but also the extensions based on voice are not specialized by the time.
I mean, they can be sanitary.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low, it appears on mass scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitor, we could get objective data.
We could do massively low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, the factor blocks at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of the disease before it's too late.
So, by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Accelerator and Philadelphia, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one of them or without Parkinson's can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get out of these shows?
Max Light," yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for looking at the confusion factors in pursuit of the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 60 percent accuracy at this point?
MM: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Tampicks, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Novel and nine. Okay, it's an improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Mal Lilly, public Malema.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are free creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in the windows without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the delivered models even more delight, the perfect perfect skin is even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where it was a volunteer. There Hansan Volusts, was in the place working as a part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Orinam.
It's a small fishing village in the President of Italy in almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The record water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles in it.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble out of the channels and the cards.
We cleaned up schools. Let's take the side and leave the house ready to be renewable and reflected.
We took tons and tons of dead fish down, application, local factory power.
We got rid of us, and we loved it.
For weeks, the volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures and cameras and cards and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They will pick them up and take them to different places of the village around to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered with.
While they were left from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village economics center.
He helped clean the communal toilets, the huge banks.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of evolution picks the photos.
They took them out and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was carrying my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years old, and they were still at the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that rate and repair that rate and knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started peeling the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strange, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to be fixed with a lot of accuracy and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strength photograph.
With the step of time, they came for much more photos, and they needed more retrovers so that I went into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 people were offered to help.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rickless, a neighbor village north of Sandy.
Once a week we used our scanner in the little temporal photographs that had been installed -- where people were going to pick up their photos.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the waste of the photos.
It could be an hour. I could implant weeks.
It could mean months.
This guy had to draw very much by hand using the areas whose color and detail, the water had no destroyed.
It took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae and even oil, all of them along the course of time continues by destroying it, so to clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't cut the photo unless it was clean, dry and it would have been recovered by his dream.
We were lucky.
We count the guidance of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to give even more pictures of the photos.
As Webby once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe it herself down, but he stopped to realize that he was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in one photo and track the whole picture.
When I picked his pictures to share something about his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble of the books that he used to be his house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the comfort of closing the barriers to the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the symmetries were solutioning.
Her little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different school.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son was 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that would not have been marked by that March, when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there hundreds of them helped us clean up more than 130, the vast majority of photographs -- the vast majority came back hands of their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 hundred families of completely respected photos and retrospected.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures of it.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear to.
They are grandfather of our memories and stories, the last thing that we would take -- but the first thing we would go back to look again.
This is about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the retrovers.
Some of them connected to something larger, to get something bigger, using their talent for something that won't be thin models of perfect skin.
In order to finish this email -- I sent him City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was retrofitting, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathering around a baby, was sent to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter born born, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Docto Edge inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that throws a apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present them a new kind of photograph -- the philanthropy, a new technique that can create videos in slow motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and I go back into a biology of second or whether in various degrees to create a picture of just a picture of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that bullet -- travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that ball and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this.   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanometer is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola did not apply this research --  -- this is a lot of things in this film -- and I will deploy this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, it starts to stop.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these discoveries.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel around the table, and because of the top of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflective reflects.
Now, if we take a common and current balance and we make it go through the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much think it would take us to sit to see that film?
One day? One week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow bullet ball.
And how about trying to try with nature dead?
You can see the waves that would take away from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, of a feminist at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that, as the light would get out of the tomato tomato, it follows brilliant. It doesn't dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the bouncing light in its inner and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in your mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to have a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just go into some light.
We sent that balance, that photo package millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very astronomer synchronize, we took those data gaps and we set them out computer to create those members that I showed you.
We can take all of that raw data and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermarket future would allow you to see after the risks?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Remembered, entering the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light records.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we will rebuild light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our female, has unique capacity.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light records, and with that, can we see the hidden object, right?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our rebuilding.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build electrodes able to see the inside of the body solidification oceans, and the same thing for corrupts.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about the demographics as a new mode of visualization to solve the health problems in the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edge, himself a scientist, turned science in art, an art of crossing photographs.
I realized that all of the pieces of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here's something fun as well.
If you look at the waves under the table, these are moving away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song and go up to South Ander and get famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and living in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people tried to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people gathered that they protest in search of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of you have a cell phone here?
Let them take them.
Raise your mobile phone, let them take them.
Learning them. A Anderson, a Blackberry, wood.
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 and 350 lines of information.
But data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The database.
This director says that every single European telephone company, each Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls to who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who sends it.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years in your phone company or his Internet providers.
And all over Europe people were planted and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this feedback of data.
We want the convention in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Free, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0 state.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered whether it really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone "celebrate, Deep Televis who was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to you, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all white, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're playing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Diet Televis said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I would ask.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the incomplete for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly, based on brown markets.
And in the CD there was this.
Trip and five thousand eyes of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data feedback means.
So, next to Keith Orien and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back and forth and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I am from Franklin in train to Colombia, and what often I call on the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other one and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate to each other what time they call each other, which hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who I participated in this protest, and if the status had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in conclusion, neither one of the Hinest Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-assembly and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-assembly.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not a fashion.
When they go home, they tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your cell phones that are serving them to remember that they have to fight the self-assembly in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDGlassica, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDGlassica, what happens?
I call May Zawai, and I'm not agent, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associated with the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why I have a whole time.
Look at it.
It's a color. I'm like a Shakespeare Milose.
and Muhammad Al.
The P. C is not genetics.
It's not connected and can be contributed.
No one drove my mother's uterus, and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, but they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad about me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Chambers of Christmas are in the shopping center, drive in circles looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disabled?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C is just one of them.
There was a sheep of the oppression. I would win the gold medal.
I'm paleontological, Muslim, woman, discussing and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same early.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "No way."
My father's mantra was, "You can -- you can do it. Dance song)
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued by the school system and they made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't get rid of the maximum note we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I kept it.
The service that I carry inside was very strong, and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a wedding champion that has received many beats.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Head to Muslims as a campaign.
The people who I grew up did not have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that died of hunger during the radical.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eat, so I'll help you keep laughing at it very easy.
Bay toothbrush in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brown. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tapes, or I can walk with tapes.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used tons, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I wasn't going.
I was spending my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Madamaiski.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to kill me, so I drink milk of deer -- I was put hot cups on my back, I dive on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I made yoga was a state comedian that I couldn't put on a foot to him.
And now I can hold in my head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the general hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.N., University of the state of Arizona, because I went into all the costs.
It was like the market miserable of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a crystal cap my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to do a piece called Balanders very slow in Jackson very slowly.
It's a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at four winds, and I end up having a paper.
I have brain parallels.
At the end of the fire.
Thank God totally, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Shirley Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes -- I can't character.
It was a paper that I literally was born and gave it to an act without brain parallel.
University was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a certain story of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
By graduation, I went home and my first actor tour, was like extra on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be associated from "parentally, better friend in a sanitary.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the number, and it was obvious for me that reported directors did not hire ridiculous actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Water Goldin, Rose Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercially.
So I got humorous.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic comic that I took when I fell in the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain parallel.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know I never heard that little disgusting rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I was launched by the New York City Collider College, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the NANDSTelda in the media, and at the same time remind the reporting directors that sound and Arabic are not signal.
Intelligent to the Arab was much easier than fighting the challenge of the skill of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program on the back of Keith Obama.
I walked into a graduation dance -- they dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair, right?
She looked at me and he said, "Fifth, four, three, two.
And we were in living."
So I joined the press desk so I don't get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was happy.
I finally had my opportunity and depressed. I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not just Mr. Obama came back to me, but I stayed as a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Obama was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that kids are critical, but they never were blown away from me or a little girl or more.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became object objects.
I saw clips online, like, "Why do you scream?
"Is it reliability?
And my favorite, poor biodiversity baby.
What disease does it have?
We should really be originally originally.
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my current, guarding, condition, parallel.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing and then Beck can't do someone in the wheelchair of wheels.
The disabled are the -- yeah, they clap, man. Come on.
The discourses are the largest minority in the world, and the most super-street in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My tumor journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet in the delete of the Susan Lawson talents and the smell London Arabs.
I got to act in a film with Adam Santa and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mattemas.
I went through the world starting "The Arabs have become little bits."
I was fallen in a representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded "The Kickstarter kids, a beneficial organization to give kids Palestinian refugee a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
"Dead in peace, past.
I call May Zawai, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village to the South Southeast.
This village is near Montana.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Morocco, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Montana.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you get about a gentleman who offers it to get to lunch, after dinner, to destroy.
It knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a descendation.
He gets a little bit of money to buy a new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present a young girl.
Finally home.
A new life begins.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Morocco, under a blue sky, is a car bomb.
That child of that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shard, a terrorist organization connected with al Qaeda.
So how do you have a child's story of a little town trying to fulfill your dreams in the city ends up with him improving?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call "the Pixel Person: "The House Person: "The House of Hope."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the magnetics, young urban urban young urban people who have distributed riots in Johannesburg -- they trigger riots in London, which look for something beyond the period of the wait.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the waiting "for the waste, the access door, to the violence, to the sheets, will be the story of the cities.
And in my city of birth, Monton, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Manhattan last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that terrorist hospital to ballettic thinking, and if I would never have left?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of waiting?
Would I have become terrorism?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Manhattan that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a corporate enterprise.
I met about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and had an idea rain about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Alea.
He was at the University of Montana, he graduated.
I had no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate college -- unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Morocco, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Six years of civil war completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
You see an opportunity and apply it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started beating local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "Person "People."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as desperately as they're looking for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attending one of my meetings Mouse, MoMA Mountain.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the business of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mandela has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mouse arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding ship, we were using plastic from the outside.
If you ask someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers flow?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of passion and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Manhattan, and he began to grow up tubes and limits, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Manhattan.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding boats, creating gardens in the homes, and the companies in the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Manhattan in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Montana.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, they can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial pink risks.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, MoMA presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be a change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They had business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and creating a business culture culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put on their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park. This is how you call it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They take kids out of the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm "production.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs -- they drive and feed their innovation inherent and they will have more stories on flowers and Park Parks than the buttons and "Pleasers of wait."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Hobble mountains, an area north of the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun was making the leaves glow like a virtual, and not to be the way we were going, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in setting that land.
We got to our camp.
He was a cockroach on a very beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coperation there was a base, from about four square feet with apple hearts. They had aluminum paper balls and an old called old.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The companies that were too lazy to take what they had brought on, who thought he was going to clean their base?
That question followed with me, and it looked a little bit.
Who clean our baseball?
No matter as an organization or where you put the our own out of our baseball, who cleaned our trash in Mountain?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Saliban Department cleans our trash -- at the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who makes that work.
What does the uniform feel like and take that coast?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interpretation.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And it would operate the mechanical scans and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong is being used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept pushing up the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the reserve of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupation, and I learned why.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you.
They just want to be passed, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the connect, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be moving.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe that the restrictions of waste are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
These are the first public health projects.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective way every day, this starts to get rid of their contracts and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to broadcast and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the engine engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointed out its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed daily speed.
I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup and our bank battle, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there's a force force on the other side that will be turned out of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost little bit.
They're on the street every day, rather than removation.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left from ourselves, from our own waste, our deserts, and that flow has always remained in shape or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the grade of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all the Wednesday missions.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just added, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
Let's be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconstruct the way we exist on this planet as we should include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Multi-polar waste, what we think about when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see somebody whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community life by making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Obama.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out right?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to fix.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because of the resistance with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it's necessary to fact.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because this is a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees all the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the ancient market that is this structure in the open air where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a very growing city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an uncomfortable attribute that creates an air space in the building that will be authorized by its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I began to think about a similar tissue to a computer capture with performances to allow the air to enter air, and also the light, but in a failed way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the elephants of ethics.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that allow the air and the light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is completely filled with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we ask."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy automation for the building in a city where electricity cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these ports on the roof, which actually pick water for the sensors of the inside.
You expect for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the medicine, a 100 years of old old anti-profit that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this moved the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural venture.
So we overlay a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pentilers.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in higher levels and greater density on the bottom plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to portray the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and society, and do such as running a two miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that are growing up buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little state of pencils -- cute. It was strong to the capital of states, very good for protein.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my synesthesia plan.
I was a day after the school one day, and I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was restricted, he went out, he walked into the classroom, he took from the table of my teacher the stick book.
And then I did.
I altered my rivals, just a little bit, just some like this.
All of the things.  And I was going to get the book back into the camp. But I was going to see some of my other partners.
So in a front, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines from Dr and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could.
I still wonder what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was extremely obscured.
They never found me.
But above all, I found out the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for protein.
I was intrigued by the chains.
They're so mysterious and so profitable.
We know that babies suffer from chains.
The primate birds are also very proposing.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of supply killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab that the cells are studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infant, no "It would have "Darw."
There would be no cheese child, or "The 1,000 and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare Shakespeare.
They were going to go away from the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing "The noise and the Freaking," there was no "Gated and "Fire" -- we would lose "Market Book, and "Annahron.
Without characters, there is no Prostate. I know it's fashionable to say that Prototype has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, it almost has all of them.
This year is 100 years of his master work, "In search of the lost time, the most exponentially exposed study of the sexual cells, and also of ordinary competition, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about Prototype, we have the feeling of problem, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a huge array of the washing magnitude.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forget how unhappy it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolf said was as hard as cat transition.
I don't know what the cat transition is, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go together, the novel and the chairs, the cells and Prototype.
Is it going to be very obvious as the chairs, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their improvements, are a really solid narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cheeses.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It's going to be the narratives and the audience, we know exactly what details it will be, to clear the knife -- right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Prototype understood it.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single face that San determines in his lover, he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that soap and Prototype, they were absolutely neat.
You know, Prototype noises would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are adults.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are nutritionally nutritionally.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small amounts of pencils stand.
The cells are nutritionally nutritionally.
That's why Instagram is so successful --   I proved linked linked to the language of the language with the chains.
When Sanda is in the chain of jealousy, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe the servers of his lover, then he defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is reputation, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument.
He says, "It's a scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prototype is trying to prove that the cells see instant and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what Prototype knows, the more pain the truth, the better.
pain, humiliation -- loss it. These were the pathways to the wisdom of Prototype.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to be a range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man can interested us.
Is it telling us that we are going to look for criminal women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our aging, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so perfectly intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing -- involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or is it accidentally broken with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the confidence of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells do us to look at intense but without precision.
In fact, the more we are, the more than we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal acts of it.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan as an age of 52 was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one that was sent to the very awful messages to himself, for a year.
For a year -- a whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend. I have to confess that when or this, they reacted with admiration to it.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
It's a Nigerian Heritage novel.
High-security is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Standard on a Tren, and "The Taliban Mr. River, books that are about how the jealousy, confront our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punched in an instant.
Take Tom Rively, his most famous character.
Tom Riley is going to be wanting or wanting what you're going to be able to get out of your self and to get you out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor -- you respond to your name, take your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rick route.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as I would like it.
It's a lamp, because we live in time.
We live in the time of chairs.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the environment? Right?
The novels show us the salt? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 212 of Baker Street and ask for Sheet Hillers.
When people think about Holly, they think about the malled malaria at the Marine professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always predicted the Apple Institute, the head face of Scottish Air who needs Hollywood desperately needs the Heliness of Hiller, but he gets upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs his help, but the respect and bubble with advanced in the each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Adventures of the Six Nations, once Hollywood comes in, I would throw all of them with his solution, Lesson comes back to Hiller and says, "We're not cheese, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person at Scott Adrian who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Holly translated in history. I find this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lesters.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly, Lesters are allowed to admire that idea of being he the reserve.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the balls are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like content plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction is distributed by the chains.
The fiction used to be soldiers, I invite you to the table.
And look at what around -- the Lester flow, the Tampick Tower Rick, the crazy Santasa, the same March Protocol.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the lung cord of the Apollo 11 and depended on the sea of transport.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the ground surface was the culmination of a contextual collective process.
The Apollo program.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
You walk on their surface, which Alexander after the Arabia death last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of back. The 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would face later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why does Moon.
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you can also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain also.
35 years ago, why will I fly on the Atlantic.
Why does it play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Poon," for the contemporary, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder about the transcendence, the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological translations.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated and they eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Rotter in 1970, called an accelerating force.
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a bark boat, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human beings have come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism joyful about the power of technology has been harnessed by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, to create cancer energy, or feed the world population seem to have been intrigued.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 cover.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube of the Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last lung mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies were distracted to us and ended up with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a range explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel interest, Microsoft, Apple and Geneva.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs for risk.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused that it changes the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their free point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C.C. has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need an enormous capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in the developing of technologies that are determined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biodiversity. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biodiversity.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties will incentivize development of alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or the international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like codes or systems for storage and food, but there will be famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes wave a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will declared the war to cancer in 1979, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population must want to solve the problem: institutions must support the solution -- it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria with them.
But it's a remarkable model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no graphic competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy that here is a difficult thing and the dangerous, and there is no popular science mythology like the solar system of exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't have the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they have become customers of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great decline of trust, is a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal. We should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea on the subject.
First of all, the record, why do people think that trust has disappeared.
And if I think about it about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I joined myself to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same discourage.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago continue to be quite confident, judges are nurses, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and, by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you recognize?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that the people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the verticles?
Do you trust the fishing?
Do you trust your primary primates?
You would probably start to ask, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you answered your question, "Well, I trust some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to determine trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a particular kind of office, works or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could say, for example, I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the class of reading, but in no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more likely to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to make good judgment inherent in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that the goal I would have.
I would start to have more confidence in what is measured of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust in what's not reliable.
And I think those people who deployed their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madditte, which then went down with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Depressed confidence or negative configuration, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honesty? Are they responsibility?
And if we find that one person is competent in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible for, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the email, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I was very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely naked.
If it's like that, I haven't been standing up.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to assign the part itself.
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional and institutional accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks like the parts -- demanding them that they throw the cases, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness. And that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will train people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or policies are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, simple actions -- attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task rebuild trust, puts things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough foundations so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't send up, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to make false evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can get them out without giving explain.
I take them and get my money, or they change me for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you're trust what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing out is not very difficult to discourage.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be deployed.
This separation has gone down, getting more and more and more, at the point that today is less than one millimeter, the spine of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining how it would be.
And I first created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong oil against the screen has its physical body to pigs.
Designers can measure their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break out the barriers.
But both hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the Apple Account division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Catton Bufflorium, I ran the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent view with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can start the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is under every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come into us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and brought things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a deadly device in your head or translated when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Rick Post, we created this only physical pixel alone.
This spherical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer and users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we ancestor gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors.
And when we program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach photos physically and distance and the famous takes Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitoring or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started talking today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungarian, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to become a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a close path towards happiness -- a safe job and well remote.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was a Chinese opera singer ...
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must begin to train from very young to learn the accelerations, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
Until I wrote to the school director and the president of a radio show.
But no adults gave her the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another vocalization.
No one around me wanted to teach me? OK.
I remember the books.
"The Hollywood Toes, Natural Easter House, How "Did I get to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth, it's about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not conveniently proposing. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reveal, "House to your father and your mother."
Honor said, "It's so different, and much better than order."
So it became my tool to come out of this cool guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It makes a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can treat people "Well, "Well Franklin, from Walter Israelis "John, David Designer, from David McCara who were involved in the same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological -- luxury, fear and social show. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Cape Tibet Thomas Martin Way, Alan Watts. Instead of staying in the translation. I found that you can earn a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that "I have "did," in Chinese literally means "stretch fast, Jay.
And "Google," in Chinese literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to come back to feel alone or an impossible.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that this is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where the happiness comes from.
Even a detailed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always admit them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using vaccines and a holder touch, and he stood on the couch of my office and stood up the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so transplantable.
My class partner had a piano like the first client car.
And I took a level that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the short stories that Alex brought to the sessions -- it made me easy just to move my head while we went back the solution.
"The tricks are the new entire English, he said, Alex and what I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you start to work on, you have children later, until death happens later.
For aliens like Alex and I had time to go.
But shortly after, my surplus was preparing me to introduce Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant to me.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category -- you stand up with a hollow head, but it's not like to marry him."
And then my surplus said, "Not no, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it causes."
This is what psychologists call a moment "Asilo."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20s.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of the Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of the people the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers and families and future freezes all over the place.
There are 50 million winds in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think that nobody comes to adulthood without passing before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the walls here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with the Venice, you love a flight, you remove the dream a flight, I want to see -- it's good. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments -- who give their life to have happened for when you have 30 and so much.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they are coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage growth in its 20s and reproductive for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your life and common life has an impact in the person who will become become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the venters are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the timeline.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are taking ridiculous names to the visions like "Times and "Kids."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berna said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give a stone in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart freezese, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count -- I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that while I start a career before 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20s are going to end and I still have nothing to do.
I had better running the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes for the 20 were like the chair of the chairs.
They all run and they get fun, but then at some point around 30, the music came off, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay on, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30," when I was 30.
Where are the walls here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much larger period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionately, and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do all of a time at 30.
The middle crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of territories and quarantine look at themselves, and I sit in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the aliens are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emman.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, who showed more temperature than ambition as well.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then he got up herself to say, "You don't choose your family, but he can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new cartoon for director, and I had spent every morning by calling him with his many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that goes after the words "In the case of emergency -- please call it ...
I was at the point of the story when he saw me, and he said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care for me if I get cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "My me."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit while the decade of Emma was going in front of it.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the origin, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and you get identity capital.
By capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emman career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital creates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interior, from that company that you want to try.
I'm not going to download the experimental exploration, I'm going to download the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's promising.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are great to take to the airport, but the friends that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who comes out almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call weak friends friends of their friends.
Yes, half the winds have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way of color to this group.
Half the jobs were never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way we get a nonprofit job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but he knows his friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but like Averan, Emman soon to choose his family -- when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even the 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person who you live with now or stand now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you can get to you.
So what about Emman?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organizational of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously chosen.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact is not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with winds.
It's very easy to help them.
The Venicemarks are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport coming out somewhere in the west.
Just before the flash, a slight fit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Final Food.
In the same way, at age 21, and even at 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good descenda, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the windows that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you about arrest as Emma every day: Trickstards are not the new 20, they collect their adults, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They don't let me define by what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in the generic consulting for a job that was even more remarkable, the doctor.
I went to show you math students in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, he calculated grades.
What called me the attention was that the C was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance didn't have southern I.Q. points.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that made me think.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible and was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of documents, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a modern perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure more ways.
It's the C, but what if you're successful in school and in life depends much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Portrait Millennium.
We tried to predict what chains remain in the military training and who they would return.
We went to Delhi National Yo-Yo and we tried to predict what kids will move away from the most possible in competition.
We study normal teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those of those who will be the most effective outcome of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job post?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a characteristic emerged as a very important prediction of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questions, and then I waited about more than a year to see who they would develop.
It turns out that children with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate free, even when they made them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Yo-Yo of Delhi in which the determination is -- it's also in school, especially for kids at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking about determination is how little we know, the little bit of science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long place?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination with.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the detail is commonly not related to or is even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Dinner, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. Diet has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to stay when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination, right?
But we need more.
And that's where I finished my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all of again with the lessons that we learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a catastrophe, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for a foreign alien, it seems as inefficient as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can remove this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, mentions of restaurants to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in a fraction way, "I was obsolete, I'm getting to me, this symbol actually is originally order of the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's in the other way. Which works.
This is a tree.
Trees tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors from a singer in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
These are building blocks to create many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's "a "course."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying it was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the chemists.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's an addition:  Easy to remember, because a particular tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn up.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, proposal.
Three together, those are feels.
They put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. You put a table inside the door, it's the string of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I touch somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, spending, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they're carefully adult.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radiation will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple of hundred characters of characters, which is the same thing as an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked on one another.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employers were determined to their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become a going out.
A mouth that tells you where it's a step out.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking about the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad are the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominates his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glamon, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic variety.
But when you look at that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of complex child spectacular show.
However, the Ordeam of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took up a few years later with currently, and interestingly, another film whose proteins, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed like enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, "Horrify, you are the salvation of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the mail of the evil brown battery.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even villages are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
Only three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he got rid of the room, and he was impressed as a mother back with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it looks like.
Would they be value and permission and leave?"
Would it have the feeling that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the 1993 magician of 1939.
How do you win the movie of his movie?
Doing good crumbs with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow up Oklahoma, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much of the FOX capital force in the movies for our children, and so little from the road of yellow crimes?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stomach.
I know for experience that the Leonardo princess didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate through the world of adults who is mysterious.  I think at the moment of the first kiss.  I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on drinking the glass and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like to be a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are kids, they're not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patroller, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patroller.
There is no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids, as real and lovely as British and Katrina, but they don't stop being films of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all the time continues to appear in classical after classical and every one of them about a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who were creating a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies spend Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet done roots and already provides, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alien Beijing is a comic comic company, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to do -- in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines, right?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more apart from the kid than they both like  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, artist.
Right? Russians of Ocardian, sort of collapse, an idea of consensus of what a quality Hollywood film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the Bell test.
And I don't think it was, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the retirement crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this driver, and it's the great moment for one of the acting to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed and say, "Do you come to bed, right?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female proteins?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress -- then it's fine.
But there is a bigger number than this one is going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the block of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that music video or pornography videos are tightly linked -- but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual agencies.
Who are those guys, what are those guys learning?
What don't you get to learn with?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the link with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as being able to fix power, and we hope that will help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, is it going to protect them if at the same time, active or passively -- we're educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the associated.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of "Star Wars was his favorite character of Star Wars.
Obama.
Obama Kenya and Glamon.
What do these two people have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son, "Go and struggle only and more stories where he saw that his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and be better people, like the Ocean Mage.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for it.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me fix them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles long.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared information.
This is a place that was located in the eastern West of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink are really bright risk.
What you're looking at are the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians, the activities of construction.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Atlantic, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Favar, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The empires have always known that Asian was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them into the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge village plan.
This area is enormous -- it's about six miles per square miles.
Before, the Nicole floor right next to the Starnah side of Arthur and as it changed over time, it turned to this one and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a self-replicating city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be equivalent to search for a needle in a speaking, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and wearing gloves of baseball.
So we used NASA data to make a map of place, very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the thylacine flows.
But you can see more definitely, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the Asian location.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like tomato samples in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human change.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of noise, we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible location of Asthma, five feet down, we have a layer of a number of years that get from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Asia.
We also found works of period -- correction, quartz and battle, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used for.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Asthma here, but we will go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to enable young Egyptians to use satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Asian about 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all votes.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 D.C.
What makes ideas happen really began in 1984 to C. C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine concentrations in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of no objects in bicycles.
They're competing on a carbon number of bicycles and they're going to address their door.
I need you to see this.
They're struggling strong, they're supporting -- they go out a lot.
And they collide in front against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around everywhere, wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in absurd places. They pass the door of the door.
The vessel, or whatever there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light -- the light shining over the Goldies Monster.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them complete in the nose.
You can smell the airplane cookie and you're about to get into your mouth.
They go on one side and train their living room.
It's already in the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
It's with a little clothes, dancing on his center message, singing Hispanic May One More Times."
Now let me get to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven coming to you Horizon, the Manhattan of Piachine, the Saharan and the Len of "The Wizard of "The Mage, arrested from hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Media Memorial Chamber.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I guess, that this was like the end of a supermarket supermarket.
There were several men and a few days of different ages and different habitats of hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a barbarian deck of barbers.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be nature's phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best members of the memories.
I said, "Oh, when do you realize that you were a knife?
He said, "I'm not a wisdom.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using an old techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that would use Civil to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have not heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit of an alien, he said, "James, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Superman?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Spanish how to memorize order in a barbarian barbarian barbaria, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spideo -- but maybe you can teach me to me.
So you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spending most of the year next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why it does not work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.U.
He's a musical, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember it had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peere. He was based on the role of Dusty Hopusty in the movie "Rather Man.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone guides -- was centralized.
And when I go back, I read a lot of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and growing wasn't just as weird as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We have changed culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and growing is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really that singular, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in a way, structure or analogy in the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them to compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of shoes of snow -- they found that in memory champions they were involved by the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driving as an armed career where every year someone comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put on a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barriers of messy navigators that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he died.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 415 random binary digits.

And while there are a lot of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call the electronic code.
It illustrates with a paradigm known as the "Baby Park, "Paradise says the following: I tell two people to remember the same word. I tell you you -- remember, there's a man named Batton."
That's his space.
And then I said, "Remember there's a battle "back."
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Remember that word I told you a little bit?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baby is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is battle."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Babbage, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "battery." We know panels.
They use white hats shift.
They have in your hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a certain moment at some previous moment.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as the metabolism of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simonaldese who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ: He hired a poet.
He stood up on his feet, he took his memory poem and he was made, and so soon it was, the bank room was collapsed.
They're killing them all.
But not only did I kill them all, but it shattered the bodies by leaving them overwhelming.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Singula, stop, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting every single winter.
I took the family family by taking them where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Simi adds at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter if we're not good for remembering names or phone numbers or words for words for our colleagues, we have visual memory and space essential.
If I asked you to take the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simon, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the freezing horse brown in his lobby, they would be able to simplify it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, and the more crazy things that you want to remember -- the more crazy -- it decentralized, fragile, scanned and application is the image, most inclusion.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, in late.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory, in the same way that Civil had done if they had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I will figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and incomplete image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely insane competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Golden Monadon mounted on Mister E.
And that would remind you they want to introduce their friend Ed Coke.
And then you'll see Britney Spanish to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to say.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not the word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term toxic term comes from the Greek "sheer," which means "place."
It's a research of when people thought about the office and the rhetoric with these species of space terms.
The phrase for the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory paper.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this undergraduate of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathogenic event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is being killed in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times simply trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school man bought in a pollen market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images and imagine these ridiculous images and private, probable, instant, abstractions and incompassion -- in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty upset with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of orders and some security glasses covered by just two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory permission experiment.
I thought this could serve from good episode for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
They are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the memory pathways or memorize barriers of navigators to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The memory of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of profound process, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't want to exercise around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things do memory.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what E, the mission I couldn't even remember that had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence by losing in the Blackberrots or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side. Are we going to be so painful that we don't even bother processing deep deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll just take a complex place. New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents in a village called Lifes, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me -- and every time I was shower and I got back on a towel. They all saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward and insecure and hated it.
He hated that goat, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
List.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not of areas of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we eat.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency --  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize ourselves.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do -- you think about power, space, "decision?
And I know that you think about it like this to be based on the building in a building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a device that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we have used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the U.S. century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanism and the governments, they are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we found ourselves buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Lindman Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red crime, that let us enter what Vivian is trying to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries -- are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the proposition.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect to these simple symbols.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like translators, so we started to experiment again, we make the proposition back back over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, it's in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called biological call.
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be able to guess.
Small windows on the disabled scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up at the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the proposition back in the other direction.
We take those forms we know like and we update them.
We added together and we added papers and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't have any object.
We take Chimpanz arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be military calls made of glass.
The shapes are adding, they won in audacity and colorful them.
The sun became columns.
The citizens grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the way in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be medicine, to the French or to the Italian.
You possibly have a bread paleontologist.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens with symbols.
They are easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Toraja.
This is Ooh.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the proposition back in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called destruction.
We discovered historical symbols -- now we have new design techniques in the computer, and we find ourselves with new compositions. Some ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super poster, you get totally excited.
Normally the proposition of the new direction of the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulf of Bilbao from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldie said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academics and public in general, they agreed to agree on a building.
New York Times called this mistake of miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, President.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was gave up around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes mean culture and turbine.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the major mayors of the world.
So everyone believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turbine.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new military happened with other star architects.
He went to Zako and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects on the new millennium, actually started going with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be turbined.
The speed technology -- you can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all software photographers and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been a good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find ourselves with buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were designing.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're on the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete or steel or contract, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the proportion to the media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it comes to both extremes almost in the simultaneously, and it's effectively described the difference between innovation and symbol between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was fire.
This is the center of a village called Pennsy in Fire Island, in the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, because these are not just images of a building, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that does corruptions with collective memory, and by cutting these symbols. We learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us about what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those librarians of Lifespan.
If that building is built today, first we would go to the Internet in search of new libraries.
We'd be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what a library might be.
That's municipalities.
Monsters who can take the mayor of Lifespan, people in Lifespan, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use large greater and complicated words, and one is no longer a devastating audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the straight proposition of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sevaler can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad red imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are adding to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or beauty, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community together in that cause, no longer one client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little picture of records, so muscle and February like the animals you're going to see.
Because no longer matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build it, which matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want it.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect, hire them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it to the smaller spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stewart.
I just turned out a year and already started walking.
And he does it that great way, typical of the children of a year, working on, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and chimpanzee, and it gives itself those big and hidden kiss.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When about doing this?
How are we suddenly not liking with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I failure?
This is Fair, it's 13 years old and lives in Deng.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fighting.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
He's got a little scary. He's a little confused because, even though your mom tells him the whole thing that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
And among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell him, don't know who to believe.
So a video of it itself makes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment, "Am I nice or faith?
Well, so far, Favor has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so disparate, that I don't even deserve the shame thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, that receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable stages of their life emotionally vulnerable.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking you to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, charting, giving me like, "I like it, sharing sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We have never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicated.
This environment, of being always connected, is taking up our children to be based on the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most deceptive thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut from the news of girls now.
Modern models continue to dominate our speeds.
The technical technique is now a routine.
And trends like, "The massage, the headline, bites and ships.
For those of you who know it, it's private means protection.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarkets of the sports supply, and the concerned boxes.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of every other aspect of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities and their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they prevent in the classroom debates because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the season, if you don't think you see you good enough, specifically, if you don't think you're thin enough enough, you get a lower note to the average of your companions who don't care about it for appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and United States and China.
And it becomes irrespective of what you actually weigh these young people.
So, for it to be right, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is undermining academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
The teenagers with a little bit of self-esteem do less physical activity, eat fewer fruits and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet than they can take to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people surrounding them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that that's why they make more risky decisions, like the consumption of alcohol and drugs, diarrhea, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and damaged damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, irrespective whether they have or they don't have higher abundance rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that chance?
Liberization this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, by talking to you, it doesn't take you too far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good progress programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program of our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but we're going to face this problem requires each of us to take the ridges in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the contribution of our politicians in skin cuts or the size of their chest, or to point out that determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people so they are, not as they see them.
We can all start doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you were kissing a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up by valuing all their people, valuing the individual, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a piece.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make you get them all the way out of the big screen because we will just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they think they are never going to get them from being who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind?
Is he wife?
Is his sister.
Is his daughter.
Is it a survey?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her, if he was released from that autonomous voice in his interior, that he was terrified by not having long legs to have long legs -- more thin museums, a more flat video, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say ridiculous to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is bringing us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them by who they are, and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small translations of an age of age, they become safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do that.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Electrol New entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Marian Kabba, the leader of Defense Jewish Defense.
To notice initially they did it innocent -- but being prisoners for other minor charges in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York Country, including tunnels, Singapore and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant for a fundamental.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later, I will not be convicted of their participation in that bombing.
Electronic Narrator is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher. Between both did all the possible to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims are going to meet.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so deeply going on to their convictions that think we have to use every possible media for everyone living like them.
A few months before he left he sat with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to the board training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Capela Tube pollen that, without knowing that our group, was monitoring by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold the rifle. He explained to me how to get the goal to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave to the little orange light about the goal, and for the surprise of all, especially mine, all the goal in flames.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, he said, "Incredible about "It's "Hello."
From such a father, such a child.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a contract with 700 pounds of explosions in the underground parking parking tower of the World Trade Center, causing a explosion that killed six people and 16 other people.
I admired those men.
I called them "man "management."
When I turned 19, I had moved up 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships to me.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was time to escape and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency was male victims.
I was able to secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of class, silence and regime, was enough munition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it foreigner. To grow under funding, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could you open my eyes?
One of the first experiences that they tried to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a private program where I participated in the January National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group came up in the theme of juvenile violence -- as I had been victim of killing almost all my life, it was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various progress.
One day, to the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship was Jewish was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no animals between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I was very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was uncomfortable.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience resulted in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the gay humans were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most great and less critical ones I had seen in life.
So having been a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others -- but it wasn't easy for me to treat a nice person, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being management, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Daily Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest about my intellectuals, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my backyard in a moment when I was desperately needed to be.
Instead, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraordinary, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking of thinking, and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough doctors and said, "I'm tired of hatred?
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zako Orangrovera.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to bring violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- which even though I was connected to this violent and intelligent ideology -- I didn't get to make myself fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against private.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of the terrorism talk, against those meaningless acts as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple thing I show you here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that kids don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multiple film.
It's in 3D, and it has south sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has an arm, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, encouraging and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in the ground.
This film is your awareness flow, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not conscious, nothing in our life would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we consciousness?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the movie movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for consciousness science.
Science, for nature, is goal.
Consciousness, for nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior of the behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain, but no one mentioned the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
And then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurosure like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvertians said, "Now it's the moment for science to tackle consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy Kansas a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want it to explain to consciousness. The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and with what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
We don't have to offend neuroscience.
There are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't take the real central mystery of this matter, why is every physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal film.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the embarrassments, like the hormones, like the life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical entrepreneurs are all cases of emergent behavior, how the employees are operating, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metaphor the living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and function of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- all of these questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why it's all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, and biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of a something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that look like crazy ideas, before I can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennish, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation needs.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental rivers." space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing else.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is lost.
In the 19th century Malunousaurus discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass law, Newton laws -- so I put the basic laws of the electronics, and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern them.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass care, then for a matter of logic, you have to fix the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental river of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can share it in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find the fundamental laws so simple that we can shoot them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passion, Paulo for everyone, painting for mind, every system is conscious -- not only the humans, the dogs, the mouths, the flies of Rob Kualand, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow and smell the rocks."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some sense of raw feeling, subjective for some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How did anybody think something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems algorithm, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is by bending awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing -- like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Giunshar Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the head, which measures the degree of information embedded in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree high of information integration -- a high degree of faith, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- very significant, degree of very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes. particles, the degree of the country would say.
The level of information of information is lower but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of zero consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness -- high degree of faith, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that passion can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of equations come from?
From the parallel vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of additive world.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, paralyzed vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have quite serious social consequences.
Some can be algorithm.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian then.
If you're a panel and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think I think by thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral conservation, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saming artificial intelligence system in the movie "Hey?
Is it consciousness?
According to the view of passionate information, she has a complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have pretty serious ethical problems on the ethical development ethic of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of the stream.
Finally, you can ask for the entire collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk. At this point we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this entire TED group, different from the internal films of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be taken seriously.
So this parallel vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer in the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea of it.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile, a profile of education.
I went to school, I had my friends, I was happy with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't actually get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a profit in my mother's pollock, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Buddhist Sea There Varian Spanish, and David Cred: Dancers Creator: And David Credit."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as an achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Milk, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 classes of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when give you your discussion?
And I said, "What a discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diagnosis for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs, talk about inspiration things in school?"
"Just generally in the actors room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as inspiration objects.
And we're not. And it's not blame of the boy, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this chair of wheels, and probably you are waiting to inspire them. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be able to be able to be able to be a super-law.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is something Bali, and the machine, my machine.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make you except.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one, before I left, interrogater.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the windows drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term depth, because they challenge a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we encode the disabled disabled people with no disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, because of my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that I have been associated with wanting to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to code.
These images, those images encode people with disability in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "company, depressed by the so-called social model of disability, that tells us that we're more disabled because of society we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very mad with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to challenge you in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because you've sold us this lie that disability makes us except.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here butter inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know that.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to pick up the things that you fall off.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that excepts and costlebonding us.
I really believe that that lie that you have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a scale of stairs has never done that it becomes a camp.
Never --   Sold before a television screen will not get the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude will convert all those books to the bright.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Buddhist The vampire Samen, is not considered not to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're wired by getting out of bed and remembering our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school in Melanderand is not a little surprising that your new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us except, but to question what you believe to know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a volunteer no coast?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't despair.
When people think about augmented reality, you think about "Minority Report, and at Tom Cruise by having the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality increases to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I wear -- the Google Glass, the Google Gallassa.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me let you experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is run by the game of play to 100 miles -- the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a 110 pound man is chasing us, trying to deal with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is using under the helmet and giving them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the projections of NSA, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine going up to the surface. But  we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kuala!" Go.
It's horrible to be talented.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
Prepared.
Go!
Chris Kuala!" as you can see, is a product of what is being done in the football field, from the particular perspective.
You'll have realized that lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cortex of Washington University.
Field Marshall -- mice 164, mice 54: Richards.
Blue 8, Blue 1,800." Go!
Chris Kuala!" This is a little bit more feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NSA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field of field.
Or a room?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Toke Rio, which is surely many of you already know.
The hidden Rio has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a tape with the arm before we run and make an analogy? What will be the experience of a fan fan.
When can Mexico be running through the screen, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Deploy doing a salary in Wikipedia.
What is your experience when it descends from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a climate school?
Maybe the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we reach augmented reality, right?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the families and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win partners?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief refresher about technology at NSA.
In 1965, the Bathrooms of Baltimore put a movie to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NSA placed radio radio ships and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic view that they wear -- no longer have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parts of them as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just an enhanced strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have supply supply.
This will tell the good teams of bad ones.
So your computer team will be as important as your reproductives, and the data analysis will stop being just for numbers.
It will also be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the bullet and back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a floating on the left part of your view is advised to you that a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the DNA system gets you.
Go into the protection area.
Another flower is advertised that there's an open receptor.
You take the ball, but you get rid of you.
The bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- yet the receptor sees in your bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
You approach the ball and run and analog.
The public gets up and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion on the game.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality is augmented to be part of the sports because it's too profitable not to be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circulation, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to be worth sports legs.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victims?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it going to be seeking?
How much is it worth for a Harvard Comment or a New Denia Testimon trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of 3D and Karachismanansha notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depending on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service at the Higgs pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years I was passing the southern edge of the Marine County, which includes the Golden Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known as well as their beautiful visions of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Google Gates Bridge was open in 1962.
Joseph Struggle, the chief engineer.
Survival from the bridge is not practical or possible."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from him freed you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which provides vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally fall in the helpless water, and then they drowned up.
I don't think that the ones that look at this method of suicide are realized by the death of the death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except about two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people go to before we remove life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in your darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we succeeded that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers as well.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, veterinary officials and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the corner near the center.
I answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gates Bridge officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown back here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to satisfy from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remembering the Greek mythology Zero, Zent created Panthero, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panture, and she opened the box.
From she came out plants, fishermen, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped some instance, they leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This wonderful and smart guy from New Jersey had just taken up life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, my family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved themselves?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, buttons, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Some of them in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life -- have you had these thoughts?
Controlling the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and will never improve. Import, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social instant -- and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son on January 19, and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blame that I read you.
Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insulting, but I'm noticing more moments to really realize that Mike will not home.
Mike was driving Patholog to San Francisco to see the 40th party with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Palestinian police and reported it as a disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the car from Mike was down in the bridge.
A witnesses had seen it jump from the bridge at 1850 of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been bad before without having a real mental disease."
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GDP, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a center.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way her son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible subject of suicide in the bridge of the north tower near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I crossed the barrier of immediately, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next hour, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his account that day will come back and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I congratulate it.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it make you come back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
You let me speak and just hear.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Mr. British, nothing erase the events of March 11th, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us.
So honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicalized.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those headlies -- but because of God, we now know that.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
In debt with you, Barber Berlin."
And at the end she wrote, "Pat. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would find as the patient.
"I know I had to stand up.
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others.
Suitive is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, wouldn't think about hurt someone else.
They just want your own pain to end.
Usually this is just about three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've been responding and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and calls of suicide around the bridge.
From those incidents I have been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final stone, he looked at me, and he said, "Let me sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrific, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we have to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and who can talk about it, that one or two or two, most of those people have said that the second one of those people would have made it realize that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connected Martin with San Francisco, but also the people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everybody and every one of us should strive for doing.
suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you're not, but you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- no way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had from a girl.
My outside finally knew with my inner truth, with my inner self.
So for complicated reasons, I will tell you later, when I look at this picture I think -- George accomplished, you get it, you get it.
But last October, I discovered that, I am just beginning.
We all engage our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo -- what is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this email is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was registered as a kid, because of the appearance of my genital genetics.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always carrying that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to shake up.
The gender has always considered a immense fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought to be what I'm bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the screens.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries to celebrate.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me. This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw man, I met this woman called T.V.
It's the director of a constructive beauty contest.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consumption?
He told me that if he participated she was going to get rid of the contractors and the verse -- and that night, I won in a bathroom suit, won in a gap suit and I got the third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the god of depressed, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom -- who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they were approved by the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that he put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious and social and secure surgery.
At that time, in the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name George and the Feynman of gender gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a suit, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears saw minimals.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman by Aim Nets Man.
A young woman in New York who brave his truth, but that he was able to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we make a global surveillance by the Construction Day.
I am on this stage thanks to a long story of people who stood up and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame or fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day there is no more from November 20.
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rose) Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my bloods.
My parents especially, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women transported, who I've gotten, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, he called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that sample sand is not square -- and there should be a space that would allow people to self-estended -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transportation movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Thank you. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally meet them for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were hurt in 2011, when he was honored by the National Property Japan of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice -- inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome -- not for his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes down, day your condoms to mother and no one congratulate the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When you give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it moves, and with the hope of a child, when he reaches his third daughter, it feels guilty like a criminal.
Not only the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newborn daughter -- when it grows up, it suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays home and the school admit to his sisters.
Up to the age of 12 years, in some ways, has a good life.
You can fun.
He can play with his friends on the street, and he can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when you go into the adolescence, when I was 13 years old, you would get out of your house without a male ancestor.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honest budget, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumptions of honor, not only affect the life of a guy, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor course.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies called operation.
A good girl is supposed to be very crazy, very humble and very subjective.
It's the criteria, right?
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accept the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you house it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a destination television.
If the young house has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it disaster.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet, "The house, the life, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it includes the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I loved brothers and sisters when Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the bad ones, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt very honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a free freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Mahatma, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Mall."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I adopted her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
And they will be interested in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admiration to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised two weeks earlier, when I was struck by the window of the Canadian vision, and I was at the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the speeds of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen my sisters written in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the substance of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to increase in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've made all of these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for engagement.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of operation.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called smell.
I wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political activities, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
The women were forced to use candles and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the climber children.
They had millions, but a few of them talk, and it was scary to have around those people who kill and hit when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary and talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a call around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and on October nine from 2012, they were shooting in your head.
It was a pharmaceutical day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was sitting in between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife -- "Am I going to blame for what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And I was implemented to me, "Please don't blame you.
You define the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter inspired yourself and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God will protect it."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pain pain headaches because her facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained again.
I used to say, "I'm well with my current smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and it consistents.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite the rights of children and women's rights, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he doesn't end his task.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special about my tutor that has done so bold to Malai so courageous, expressive and economics?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Montana group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge -- the visualization of Google X visualization -- but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
So having said this, there's a stigma when you take a brain operation.
Do you keep being smart or not?
Wouldn't it be like this, could you be smart.
After the neuroscientist, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky death part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and microbes of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experiment to try to get the optimal doses because there really is no clear map that says it in detail.
I started trying to test with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my automatic, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried to test the typical doses and chemicals for a man in the air, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always far, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some very contracted versions of it.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrested.
In fact, I was trying to get a little bit insecure -- to fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and others, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do you get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and recreate situations.
These kinds of thoughts are not new.
Philips like Humor, Desks and Hobbes saw things similar to things.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are the people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental images, really video, well sophisticated and very structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take very fast these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has in front of it?
Or could a musician extract your head music.
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to get this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
Both of these used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gimefarterlish Gandhis and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the central column of the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost unique.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Gallonar in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into the recovery fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, the hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a great range of brain reactions to the video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan I decided to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer deficits, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us babies.
We're well close to it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of greater resolution today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times over the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduce electrodes to be.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are providing new projection techniques for images, even -- I even -- counting with the recent result of MRI -- we have to ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger, but at this point, more grain magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different backgrounds, like making a spectation.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets. Right?
However, most of the recent advances in research of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and debate, in the transistors and frequencies of FM radio frequency in the MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to Femino radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the French radio processing process, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scale.
Moreover, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid, but the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas around digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open up this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine to take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay arm.
I think we all have arms.
Your closet, maybe it's to tell someone for the first time that love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been trapped in life.
Everything armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and coming out of that closet is universal.
It is fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Side Walk Cape, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the light military, I won't run my axis, quote the letters of Ann Day France like a lettuce.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the hole of my short screen, and I had identified my head a little bit, I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would squeeze my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a radio stop.
The father was incredibly a newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would be hurricane inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table --   I had the Betty French quote.
The quote from Gloria Steven.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
So I breathe out and went down and I looked at the look and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what is not a challenge for a feminist door, just a girl with a question, "Are you a kid or a girl?
So I breathe back back again, I stood up with calls near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a boy, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the girl of a chimpanzee check.
And that girl looked at me at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the shame I do?
It was the easy conversation of everyone that has ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the pink and I, both of us were honest with one another.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an armed.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different to your own or your self or you.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relevant.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has been declared in rock bank is harder than saying it's been denial?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you is harder than saying to your five-year-old child you're going to be dividing you?
There is no more difficult, there is only the difficult thing.
We need to stop classifying what is difficult with respect to what hard for other people to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what your walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a high dress and high high shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any child from four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear in a corner of my dark closet by putting my big gay gray, and moving only a muscle is the most frightening thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, full strangers that I have spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of the invited people knew that he was gay, and when I was doing my honor lady labs, in my black dress and the grandmothers, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents' friends were, people who knew me for years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women I scream, "I love Nathan Lanela."
And the gay story was started.
"All someone, once you were in Cassing?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous."
"Did you know my statistics Anthone."
It's very good and never talked about having a boy."
"All right, what's your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program William.
And you know who you love us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, decentralized, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to get me to know that he was on my side, he finally said bright, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink combat.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all of the great languages.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt less.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were stuck.
And what else can you ask somebody but to be starting?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese Chinese.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
So you hold the arm. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be a genuine thing, others have to know that we are also suffering.
Number two: Be directly. Just tell it. Rather than the parachute.
If you know they're gay, you give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe, excuse for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a busy dark by starting a big, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Book. Enjoy the flag.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edward Dicksides that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edison Diminaries wrote this as a critic to the pictures of computing like Alan Turing.
And so some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know the reason that we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept on the intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that will demonstrate the surface of a planet mysterious will stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program I took a few years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that would be, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together together, I asked, for a few years ago: Is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different themes of all of these different?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E and my intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a strength, F. that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future people, yes, to a imminent future time, so on.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so having in account this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy, during their life should be tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that the technical connection of the entire entropy between the entropy and the intelligence is a deeper relationship, a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it meets inside.
Amazingly, Engage could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing games of humans, and even making money by trading action, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Like a human standing human, here we see England balance automatically by using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave England a goal.
I simply decided to balance the post.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability to use tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out of the opposite end of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see England can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Encountering is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see England organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successfully connected the grid.
This same network of network also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Engage organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, engagement is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously to discover and run a business strategy -- visible in a series of activity negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its management management.
This skill of risk management will have wide applications in finance and safe.
Alex Brownes: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- everybody derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future action freedom.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term -- the Russian work -- there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion regime.
The machines would wake up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then magnetic and they try to get away from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come out directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, how is it that looking for targets is left from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the constituency of stars and losing the planet we call "home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures limited light intensity from stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of planets besides the distance that they have between them and their mother star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the same time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this test of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is running under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the hottest recorded.
Alleged and sea ice that have been with us from millions now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomy.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
I could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as a very interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look at the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet only discovered and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and, in part, that's why we study both Mars.
Our voices like "The Curator track their surface in pursuit of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the McGolar mission -- take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose his skill.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Martian images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the winning ideas and parachute, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to colonize, really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and driest places on Earth the air is fresh and replacement of oxygen exposed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other arrester planets have a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is truly stuff, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep down with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the concept of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will have place later on the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for the interplanetary exploration and the land preservation are not contributed.
No, they're actually the face of the same conductor, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world light as extraterrestrial panic.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and immigrant areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the paradox of Fermin.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermenter said, "I wanted to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that the interplanetary colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to supply the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was on the front porch looking in my pocket, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other doors and windows and all of them were well closed.
I thought to call a close, at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a closing could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the morning after, and I went from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure no more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was good stop.
I'm a professional neurologist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Crazy release that increases heart rhythm, moves the levels of adrenaline and cloud the thinking.
And when I got to the training counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in place, that they prevent things to happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzi, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I talked about that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prospective reporter.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as well as the prison.
Everybody knows what the post-conflict is.
Every time you have a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the prize, as Danny explains Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could come wrong, next, try to figure out what can be done to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in a predictable form.
Some of them are apparent. Others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetic, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are -- that look at the fruit trees, where friends and enemy lives.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was added in the Laws of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows you to find their nuts.
And if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the small streets and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys and reading glasses and passions.
So at home they define a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading glasses, a particular message.
If you drive a place and you're exponential with it, your things will always be there when they look for them.
What about traveling?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, license, winner, send it through themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortex.
The cortex is toxic and insuling the thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that low stress is not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is erroring as a private for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take out of a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, decrease brains.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to acknowledge a drug that will help you reduce the color, a state."
And perhaps you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the story."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you have to ask from which most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the Nick?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of reduced statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor of the doctor, and if it's a fault.
We have not understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the stations of the Glump that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely prescribed stage, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300 percent.
This is on the research of cynical researchers Jerman Group and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Beyogan.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, spill brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 to go down my cholesterol.
Why not do it not doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Hey of the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And these include terrible things: delighted muscle pain and articulate pain, relative pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember, under stress they don't think clearly.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the root chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug than you will help you the drug.
I don't say they had to take the story.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You might be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the older men in 50 -- exposure for cancer, the number needed to be 49.
This is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include impact or erectile dysfunction -- urgent urban, straight male, fecal unconscious incomplete.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only last one year or two.
So the idea of the puzzle is to think before time the questions that you can put to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change them in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face-to-face face with a predator is not necessary for the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to quickly. You could get to be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kanherton and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how these failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Repeating at night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor gave me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the front door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pani, "Oh, it's my favorite musical symbol ...
It means touching heavy.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "point, in the slide, you need to play more huge heavy.
Two period, even more soft.
Four percent, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a gold tree, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of side may have been, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the U.S. system, the ALS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came over the 1800s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we now know as ALS.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following seven-year-old rules, assumptions, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my spinals and they amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't block the door.
"Don't make a lot of noise at the end of the potato paper.
"Don't error, and when you're eating it, it would make sure not to throw the cover in the dish.
All of this is called the sound "gate."
Maybe I think of the sound label of what the average person does it.
I am survival of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, which is going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBI, for deciding for me.
TBP: I will continue.
TB: For analyze.
You can see that the score has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle and the subjects of the board.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Parkinson's "Seathy."
A typical screen has five lines.
However, for me, to do whatever it is with my thumb like this that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to tell me more about art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and figure out.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was oblivious -- it was something from a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could lie to me and my artistic job, or I could be encouraged.
I chose to be encouraged.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ALS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary value of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't keep this practice, I feel that I could dive in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I was deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express fully in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very space and highly model which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signs as the sound.
I would like to share with you a pilot metaphor, so you understand better how the A.I. works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ATC is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression -- the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so forth, as the piano is touching -- English is a linear language, as if it would put one ice at a time.
However, the A.I. is more like an account, you need the 10 fingers in a similar form to express a clear concept or idea in ALS.
If only a plot would change the chord of it, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and temperature and volume.
In ALS, by using these different farmers, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal line in that."
This is the word "print.
I'm looking at you.
Looking at me.
Oh, they carried.
One Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, fair."
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ATC through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "disease: the sun comes out and you get it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, visually, it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same thing can tell you all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights. Now, "feeling "The night.  "All night.
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS, and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one -- it's a hand, two -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time."
Then, past, "Audience: "Uncertainted and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time."
Common same -- it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companions.
However, when I see the word "Month, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MD: hand. M: left hand.
We have the screen through the head and the chest.
(Music: MD, warehouse (Audience: My grass, M, flower. I'm going to teach you a form of hand called "Favela Florida: Flamonbeaving "a flower.
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with your hands at high top.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head like the chest, something like common time."
Yeah, very good.
That means they love the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means collaboration at ALS.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "common, in the ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"You know, "compared? "Completely and "common?
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all occur in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different.
It's amazing to see how the A.I. is alive and prostate, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very autonomous world.
And just because the A.I. doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the A.I. to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AOS: You don't have to hear to learn music.
The ATC is a rich breakfast and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Karachial -- Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all up, but then you have to wipe it."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also inspired and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time, I am now an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of junk baseball.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned up the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dreamed of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this message message with autonomous height so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
And we collected the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic, we will just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about robots.
Then we quickly create what we call a prototype.
We are so quick in the creation of prototypes that we ended before we lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and cameras in accessories. We put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer is going to process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Institutes, with hope that someone else is even more even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and they take this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- only using the hands, in Subbas, the largest magnitude of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water in which it based on, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and the oil are also color brown and when everything is mixed down, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be shout through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can research a problem at the distance, I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I would make a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called testices, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Futune, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has a pollution for "The Washington.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Future radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe thing, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fourtweyds every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different massages.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radio all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategy, the Indian, etc.
And to do that, we created a regular tape map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pieces to represent data in real time of radiologist, and we rock water to simulate the rain.
We were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the recording system and deconstructed in the ocean.
It was an approximate station.
But based on this we organized civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got up to a mile of the nuclear center, and with the aid of fishermen in the area we were collecting sea season sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically you can build it almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids are able to become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accelerator." Acceleration."
Cest Hardward, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
So for example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced population transform their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles.
Plastic and oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk skin.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposed about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the drum of the breakfast, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The film was unique by Michelangelo.
But living beings are not filled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we bring all the information into each cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by regimes of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have documented a world made of parts, setting up the imagination of designers and architects that are trained to think about their objects as some discrete assembly screens with different functions.
But you don't find a matter of material management in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diamonds diagnosed.
The skin skin is more thick with little pounds.
You act primarily as a filter -- the other one primarily as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, there are no senses.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality through social variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, twice the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the film and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to join these two visions of the world, pulling up the assembly and getting to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible for 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they manage four disciplines that offer access to access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale scale, such as this robotic arm with a 24-year-old accent with a vascular base that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics in fact made of genetically engineered microbes that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvent the cells, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every airport is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a false -- this was for a fashion display from Paris with Iran van Bronx, it's like a second skin made from one piece of piece, ruled in the contacts, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and favor 3D with no seams between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this analogy of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing you to design products that are not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this random surface pattern, it becomes sustainable.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rigorous, and chance and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another assembly but variating continuously and definitely the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she relates, "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit front tree tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and cortex, stem and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation, "Well.
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and found it.
The second most abundant boom on the planet is called the washing, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, schools and butterflies and brands.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-polar structures in one piece of piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal magician.  We asked a lot of shrimp husks -- we move them up and we produce a lot of transparency.
We have a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light and soft and transparent.
To print the structures at large scale, a system was built with multiple extraordinary amounts of extracellular controlled extraction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, it leaves them to dry to find a natural form to the contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain potential microbes that came up for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increased the genetically designed bacteria to capture quickly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of shipping to mesh -- and if it gets even more, to windows.
A French tree tree tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to be biodegradable, put on the sea, feed the marine life, and put it on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the interplanetary travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own tabletop of elements. new forms of life created computer computers and increased biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alchemy -- only instead of transforming precious metals -- they synthesize new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microscopics was combined by it.
The first is convenience.
It lives in our oceans, and in the freshwater standards.
And the second one, E. color, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
You turn the light into sugar, the other sugar consumes and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopic ministers don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive act, that will help you figure out these bacteria and to alter their way up.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, changing the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we wanted more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, approaches 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine is.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first potential photographer, broadcast liquid channels.
Thank you.
Mary Sheet said, "We are creatures past, only half a diet.
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin and repair the damaged tissue, and they would maintain our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it like this.
It grows up with sophistication.
This cost of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which we metabole.
The manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations do.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm first is being used in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to make a shell.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest into a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hole.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm capital.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat foot, not in a box, we realized that it would hurt a flat computer and still metabolize healthy.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the capital -- it travels directly by the environment.
You often have silk worms to death within their capitals, and their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without horribly horribly cooking.
It was massively metabolized and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hair robot making silk plants, and we put it into our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or arresters, to block the rays of light and heat and distributed silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organizations.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a silk farm online.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were holding, they were crazy, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
When you have a biological silk on the horrible silk of hardware, you give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 miles of silk take 6,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The moths -- after the scale, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra patterns in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to provide the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back to the beginning of the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them "What do you want to be from?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be from?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question "What do you want to be from?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
And in school I liked English, the maps and the art and she developed websites, and I also played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes in this field.
But over time this feeling of beef, this sense of beef, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in another thing, something completely different, and I get into it, and I let myself absorb and I feel like, "Yes." I've found my me, and then again this point where I start to be bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I would like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this stuff into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions and rescue to being bored.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong in me for not defining at all.
I was worried about being compared to compromise or being displaced, or so I or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have done so much.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate meaning or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
And we were wondering, "What do you want to be from?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is, nobody matters what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to cause cute answers in children like being astronomer, or "to be dancer, or "I want to be a piano.
They teach the Hall of Hall here.
This question is made over and over again as we grow up in different ways, and I go on, high school students are asking you to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from?
It's going to happen to be the cute exercise of before we get the dream.
Why?
While this question is inspired to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire dreaming with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you adults, you might be interested in and say, "Oh, what a nice, but you can't be art of violence and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children.  And he's an artisan of violence and psychopathic.
And this Amy Nino, a magazine editor turned into illustration, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose to.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocalization, the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplexing.
A multiplicity is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a door by this way.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and age.
You can also use other terms that know the same idea, as a building, recording.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was the one who was okay in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherman refers to us as scans.
They use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of adaptability to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplying as a limitation or alternative that you should be able to see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths to be this way.
Here's three multiple superstars.
One, the ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection of interaction.
Sam Handawi and Rachel Biology expressed their shared interests in cartography, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Mexico.
Message is a company that creates instant jewelry.
And Shanghai and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its economic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens at intersections.
There are new ideas.
And the multiples, with all their beginnings, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multicultural superpower is fast learning.
When the muscles are interested in something, we go to it.
We looked at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be primarily, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely start from zero.
Norway Donal is a full-time journey and written writing.
As a pianist kid perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanics.
Before I became writing, Norway was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when their practices started, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors for editors to write completely conventional launch.
It rarely is a waste of time to be able to get to what you get in, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multiple multiplying is the advantage -- I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Candy is sometimes director of videos, other pages designer, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond sometimes.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and predicts that are the individuals and organizations that can be professional to satisfy the needs of the market, which really will be provided.
Some of the ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where the multiple are very huge, and three skills that could be lost if they're prisoners to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the multiple multiples to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-polar problems right now, and we need non-violence creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly, knowing they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialists and a multi-polar multiplexing.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multiple offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that work with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiple multiple people are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there's one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: remains with the internal cancer, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you can give the best.
But for the multiple people in the room, including those who are just realizing being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, reconcile with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity through those congressional drugs.
They explore the interactions.
Adolescent our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiple, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In the year 2001, a woman named August took it to a psychiatric in France.
It would be delighted and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alisa.
Alies didn't know how to help August, but I was flying for her, until unfortunately, he died in 1900.
After his death, Alexis made a car and found weird plates and sheep in the brain of Augusts, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you used to have been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the Alexands gave him 14 years ago.
Alies was Dr. Alices Alzheimer's.
And August Desert, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-profits for HIV, statistics for cardiologists and much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's accelerator for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 years or more, the possibility to contract Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their daily years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs provide an increase in five times in 2050, as it gets older, the generation of the bomb band.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
So today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even relate its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than in Alzheimer's, despite the fact that it costs us the Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be -- Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, all of us, the scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be serotonin in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to depressing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's disease, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the brain of Augusts a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are pessimistic.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left overseas.
This makes the protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form big plates and movies.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like decorating a bomb.
cutting a wire could do anything.
Curved others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, the wires have reduced and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see some videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms of it.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms are on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are missing each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stages, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of hope, there's real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, of overcoming Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince us that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we tried, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators in government.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit for overcoming cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too fast to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help by talking for them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year.
In love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I tried it myself on the last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are touched to ask 36 and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And just right?
On the middle that goes forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30 -- I really like it. Tell your partner what you get away from him or she -- I know so close this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've just met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited to all of the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we fell in love, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Model love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you going to follow together?
And the reason I think you think about this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
One week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that took a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was given, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened on my blog traffic.
And the Sunday. I had been called the Alla Show and the Google Montana America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with your own loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email of my email with the phrase, "Are you still following together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk and a woman scream to the stage, "Hey, Man Man where your noisy movie?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the reversation of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have gotten life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very resistant with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I remember television interviews, and you break the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the incorporated icons of the camera process, a range for which I didn't sit at the absolute absolutely.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about everything that people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know whether we would follow together or not, and also give them to them?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of asking these 36 more interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Arts wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for forming interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aristotle called sustainable personal Opener, progress and recovery.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several coastal studies also used the Protestant Friday Protocol protocol of Aristotle as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they have used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tested last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal art, and then a student came up to me and said, "Time" -- I tested the study and didn't work.
He seemed for it.
And I said, "You want to say you love the person who did you do?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends?
Did you feel that they were able to know better about testing the study?
The advantage.
So, it worked.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was taking a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was supposed to practically all my adult life, and he was my first real love and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I flew in science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that I could actually make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was working with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I'm more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can actually demand me to me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media said about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There can be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very intriguing story, because you will love us feeling beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I asked, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, we will propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distinguish?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this: a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still fall together, and I'm very happy.
But you'll fall in love with not the same thing to stay alive.
And you love the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We have fallen in love because we took the choice of being it.
And I got a little bit scared by reading it now, not because it wasn't true, but because in the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to do that choice.
I won't consider how many times both I would have to make that decision, and how long it will have to continue to make that choice without knowing whether he will always pick me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is turning my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy ending on the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I really didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some legal lesbian legislations, and in a way, I got like a forest genomic.
to the city of New York City.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box and he found a dollar bill and a pill and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has due because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make South and all those rare things, and I was making a street for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took up all the pages and I made a kind of climate clips to the Los Angeles Mars, I covered them from resin, and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more Russian in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to get the size of size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying block.
So I did that? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs that I was finding out the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow translations, draw the same way around a cave on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own tangible of speech specialists.
First of all, bottles.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the rescue layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sish.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in human form, natural size sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resident was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the session.
So I did this for years, and my work used to be very large, that I call "translation."
For the project, I was inspired by the granted garden of Hyperold Boston who is a painting at the Museum of President in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trafficker." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the blood source.
On the left, it's Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analytical mesh switch where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the far, ready for suicide suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a complete.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horrif -- the political platform of the delight -- Walmar" -- the Oscar bin Laden shelter -- there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
They also also kind of a course of computation.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a military being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a really crazy aspect of the project."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a train -- like a bird, and you spit clouds from this trade.
It also has a 50 feet worth of a supply tail that unites the traffic."
Anyway, his tail gives you fire when you put on a fly.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a cell blogger made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball baseball cards.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called plants."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being electronics, dictionaries or magazines or journals.
But each one acts as kind of a human archive, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they're together, they split.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This is a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
I'll be accompanied by the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or note, or whatever it has, a kind of announce thing.
It's a quick repository of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and go into the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene inside the toxic race.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pigment Words.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio embryo, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all of the people inside chocolate with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who's and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and genetically we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give your head?
They take a aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestine and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and indicating so that any drugs in the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you bring it any drug into a drug.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are actually going to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CDs.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they are going to get to the blood stream, they're distributed, and worse even for the time they take to get to their fate, which is where it's more important, in the HIV decline.
These are regions of the body like the lymph bands, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innovative and it doesn't easily enter the blood edge of patients that are moving to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment intersection, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is a treatment of administrative life by the way.
One day, I sat and thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the desert of the virus, without the risk of disaster discourage?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in order, for injured wounds and diabetes, they can be used for anything that is imagined, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which opens up and closes almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you say, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser pulls the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in matter of microbes.
Before you even realize, the hole is replicated immediately.
We're currently testing this online technology or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an incentive on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases directly on the site of infection, while the laser uses again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation.
I make field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a study between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-street actors.
For example, of the 21st accounts of peace in 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or break them into any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not related to them.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Henline liberated, known for his violent influence against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hellyn has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamas Palestinian known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also manages the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels -- TV websites and Internet websites in social networks.
And here's the IBM magazine, printed in English and published to recover.
Army groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds without the down, but by by resolved businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
Army groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbes.
Hell offers all these services and more.
Army groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't get secure, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan divided by war or even the beginning of the insect of IPA, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 from Palestinian hunger cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid groups.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can catch them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Health?
They die part of a territory, they manage all their functions, pick up the garbage -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a revolutionary group.
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is IBM: What is IBM:
The lines are developed.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-street actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and honor peace.
If we understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to provide the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-street actors, the military power can win some battle, but it won't give us peace and stability.
To make these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very often, but I fear that accepting feminist landscape would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I get southern as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Balanda, and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Mala Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate capture, has become bigger than it.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and they hate sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone who was using people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a composition, a taboo and unpleasant word.
And I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, that he asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that regional woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are remote, women are equal to men.
Let's deserve the same set for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible ways and research and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, with no need for legislative control or evangelical doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality -- social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession.
When I drive work, I hear rap music paralyzed to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded the women and it offers me, the classic "Super Shakespeare, from the Jane Yang Twitters is incredible.
Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Pearl, give you, move until you hit your concert."
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortality by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the carbon collect, the carbon care and the nest maintenance maintenance of the machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and good things.
I can see "The Back and the Romantic comments, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that are made true.
Some of my criminals are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of women of color, workers and gay and trans transparents, in favor of white women.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist female.
It also happens the following: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put features on a pedestrian.
We hope that they go to perfection to perfection.
When we get documented, we would take them very much from the same position where we put them up.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I consider myself from that nightmare before I try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist, for fear of what that tag means for fear not to be able to fulfill with little realistic expectations.
Let's take Beyon Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declare democratic.
In the Video Arabias Muslim Africans in MIT, I was acting in front of the fiber word of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star open openly the feminist and make women know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent time, cultural critics started disconnected debates whether Beck was or not quite feminist.
They warmed their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much as a lot.
We go far beyond the crime and the construction of the criminal and the construction of any woman, to break it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of particle.
But what next?
We went from recognizing our importances to tell you, go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does his music be so lower?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, equality that we all deserve and our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decide and brilliant and also very brave -- I want you to grow up in a world.
Where they are being appreciated by strong creatures that are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is being used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports, it goes on the Train game.
We can change the radio industry when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as boat ships.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to post in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough numbers of women, both to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supposed to be supposed but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers of decision.
Because we are not looks at people -- without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the people in the digital power and producers of movie and music, CEOs, the legislators -- people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also address our feminism -- well, bad, or any danger.
The last line of my book "Mall Feminist," says, "I'd like to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I tell you, especially because my voice was stolen and my feminism helped me to give it to it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids told me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They steal my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to me.
I get into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism -- I also found that if I was a little courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I know the humiliation reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 125 children in California had spread for having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Coba.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles, which can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the policy about autism and drug vaccines -- decoded and marked by being a French device by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't most of the smart scientists believe the theory that vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 100,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting up.
fundraising organizations like autism Super as well as autism Super reports reduced to autism as an epidemic as if it could be convinced from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Atlanta Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "improvise, an amazing diagnostic crime, and a better detection of cases, to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks on the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and carbon progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kansa, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1994, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds -- including people around their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands to their faces, but they were prey of the panic by memories like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanhanga speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world on the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as it collects reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kenya for the diagnosis of autism were very resilient.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to children with consumers, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was shocked that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his consulting to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kenya was a smart man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
He claimed autism as a form of child psyche caused by cold and despairotive parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully held in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kenya noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that add in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before you get the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Bell."
But Kenya had a bad opinion of these skills, by saying things like kids were simply regulating what they had heard their parents, desperate for winning their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kenya that autism was weird.
Larry Window, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the nervous mothers in Kenya was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Sus.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have been 30 years ago.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They picked a suburb from London called Charlie to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that Kannel model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were fascinated in their fascination for astronomical astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the generation of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in nice pictures and addressed parachute, as Judy, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monetary model of Kenya would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the year next to the article of Kenya, and then he forgot under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kenya knew about this article of competition, but it avoided explored to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Spanish, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperior for teaching children with learning differences were progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kind of music, and the kids followed their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger's described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space advantage during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Aspertent called them their little teachers, and he decided to help in the developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a very surprising amount of different variety of dinosaurs and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, seeing aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as the strange social scientist and the designed professor.
He was beyond to say, that for success in science and art, an autism of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Kenya was wrong when autism was unconscious, as well as parents were causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the crimes of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called authentic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into view, by replacing the limited model of Kenya by a wide and inclusive Asperger's model.
These changes don't fall in broken shoe.
Sadly, when Lord and Judith worked between the resources to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I was going out "range Man, in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts knew what the autism was, but after the former act of Dusty Hopusty like Raving Baby and Red Man and "Red Man, with four prize, a parent of the Academy and fathers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Red Man, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses started to get self-provider, just like they predicted London and Judy, in fact they hoped that it was getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were marketed.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for increased diagnostics. A simple, powerful, serious credible history as bad as the theory of Kenya was uncontroversial.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances by taking the term neuroscientists, to celebrate human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows. It doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperge, which believed that the "Curve for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zose Zaws once said, "We need all the hands in covered to deal with the boat of humanity?
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or brain.
Thank you.
